 




























I marched in solidarity with millions of people across the globe to demonstrate respect for women’s freedom, human rights, safety, and health. Together, we sent a message to the world that we aren’t going away, and although there’s still a lot of work to be done, we’re up for the fight. Most importantly, I wanted people who were feeling hopeless and dejected to know that there’s a movement happening, and they are not alone. I am with you. Watch my speech with Mary McCormack from the rally in Park City








The Constitution begins with “We the people.” That means that this is our country, and our elected officials work for us. So contact your local representative and let them know what issues are important to you. It’s one of the most effective ways to use your voice. Click here to find out who your representative is and how to contact him or her.




Planned Parenthood provides safe, affordable healthcare to 2.5 million women and men a year. It also provides a safe place for people, especially teenagers and low-income Americans, who have nowhere else to go. Now that policymakers want to defund Planned Parenthood, we must fight to ensure that every American has access to this vital institution. Click here to support Planned Parenthood.




You can’t believe everything you hear. Along with our current administration came a new era of fake news and “alternative facts.” Make sure the information you get and the information you put out there is true by obtaining it from reliable sources like The New York Times, The Washington Post, and NPR. You can also click here to fact check top headlines.




















Chelsea - Now Streaming - Only on Netflix
















@Chelseahandler


Follow























Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Support
Visit www.OnGuardOnline.gov for social networking safety tips for parents and youth.


© 2017 Chelsea Handler. All rights reserved. Powered by Wonderful Union
















Email Signup!


Name



Email



City



State


Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Age Verification


I am under 13 years of age.
I am at least 13 years of age.



Subscribe





