













 Toggle navigation    

 



OEM Services

Threat Intelligence

Reputation Feed
Controller Feed
Malware Data



BARS
Enterprise Intelligence Service
Executive Briefing Service
Security Intelligence


 Dragon News 
 Who We Are 
 Our Partners

Partner Program


 Community Services
Careers




















We are a group of technologists passionate about making the Internet more secure. 
We are dedicated professionals working closely with and within Internet security communities, as well as with a wide range of commercial organizations. 








We are behind the scenes
helping make the world a better place through insight that improves and saves lives.










We are Team Cymru















What we do best


 
Commercial Services 
Providing Internet security solutions to organizations around the world



 
Expert Advice
Explaining the “who” and “why” of the Internet



 
Community Services
Our social mission to make the Internet better, providing insight that improves and saves lives













Our story


Team Cymru was formed in 1998 by Rob Thomas as a security think tank,
            learning the "who and why" of malicious Internet activity.
From the
            beginning, we believed in doing things differently. Team Cymru
            never trades control for funding or donations. We remain fiercely
            independent because we believe it is the only way we can be an impartial
            Internet security advocate.
As social
            entrepreneurs, Team Cymru believes in providing innovation solutions to
            one of the world's many problems—threats to the safety and security of
            users online. Our team works tirelessly to keep organizations safe from
            threats, and continuing to understand more about Internet security. 


In an effort to further give back to the Internet community, Team Cymru
            launched Team Cymru Research NFP, a non-profit organization that
            provides templates, sundry route-servers, and other projects in an
            effort to make you (yes, YOU!) safer while online. 
We are incredibly proud of the breadth and depth of the various ways we
            continue to support the work our partners do all over the Internet.
In 2004, Team Cymru officially began doing business and we are proud of the work we've done.















Meet our leadership team







Rabbi Rob Thomas
CEO
Rabbi Rob Thomas is CEO and founder of Team Cymru, and a Cymru Fellow. Rabbi Rob has worked as a network engineer, Unix kernel developer, systems administrator, and security architect at companies as diverse as Motorola, Sun, Cisco, and Ameritech. Rabbi Rob has a passion for all things technical, and it shows in his dynamic writings and presentation style. Rabbi Rob believes strongly in community, serving on the boards of organizations such as the Tor Project. Rabbi Rob is proud to serve as CEO for this motivated team of Internet security analysts.







Jeff Vosburg
President & COO
Jeff Vosburg is COO of Team Cymru. Jeff has worked as a technology executive and leader in industries as diverse as legal, financial services, telecom, ISV and manufacturing. Jeff's passion is leading diverse, talented, driven people based on an entrepreneurial spirit, collaboration and 'can do' attitude. His experience in growing progressive teams is being joyfully applied to this unique and gifted group of experts. Jeff received an engineering degree from Purdue University in 1982 and executive management training from Kellogg School of Management in 2005.







Dave Deitrich
CTO
Dave Deitrich is CTO and co-founder of Team Cymru, and a Cymru Fellow. He received his Bachelor's degree from the University of Illinois in 1993 and his Masters' degree from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1995, both in Computer Science. Dave has worked as a network engineer and network security guru for Motorola, IBM and Cisco Systems before becoming a founding member of Team Cymru in 2005. He has a wide range of experience with different operating systems, network platforms and programming languages.









Jerry Martin
CISO
Jerry Martin is the CISO for Team Cymru. He spent 21 years in the United
States Air Force and in his final assignment, Jerry served as Director,
Technical Analysis Branch at the Joint Task Force for Computer Network
Operations (JTF-CNO). He has authored papers for a number of government
seniors and has presented talks in many different forums.  After
retiring from the Air Force, he worked at DHS' National Cyber Security
Division.







Dave Munson
CIO
Dave Munson is the CIO for Team Cymru. Dave has over 20 years of experience operating and managing networks and server environments. Dave started his career at Motorola and spent several years with IBM's Global Services. Most recently Dave has worked with several successful startup companies developing and enhancing their IT infrastructure and organizations in accordance with stated business goals.







Tim Jones
CFO
Tim Jones is CFO for Team Cymru. He received his Bachelor's degree in Math / Computer Science from the University of Illinois in 1985. Tim has worked in systems programming, network engineering, technology strategy, and mergers & acquisitions for Sears Technology Services and IBM. He has a wide range of experience with different technology platforms, operating systems, and programming languages, as well as business operations and partnership management.










Rich Cummings
General Counsel
Rich is Team Cymru's corporate lawyer. Rich received his Juris Doctor from the University of Illinois and is admitted to the Illinois bar association. Rich also brings a wealth of sales and retail banking experience to our mission.















We are always looking for new Cymraeg 

 Join our team! 











×Close
Looking for more insight?























Lets get started!

















Locate Us
Locate Us

Team Cymru, Inc.
901 International ParkwaySuite 350
              Lake Mary, FL 32746



TC-UK Internet Security, Ltd

            51 Southgate Street
              SO23 9EH Winchester
              United Kingdom
              +44 (0)1962 420760 






Looking for more insight?

Talk with us 



Emergency Contact
              +1 847 378 3301
                support@cymru.com
PGP Key




Connect with us 
Connect with us 





 
 +1 847-378-3300
 +1 407-878-7833











Team Cymru
community services






Dragon Research Group











Copyright © 2017 Team Cymru. All Rights Reserved.





























