



Skip to content









Menu
HomeNext Generation Records ManagementAbout MeDisclaimer








Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 4: ‘Social’ Social Media

				January 30, 2017			


I love social media.  I think it’s one of the truly great byproducts of the Internet Age.  But even social media diehards like me can’t possibly manage meaningful engagement over more than three or four different social channels.  It would be nice if we could, but there simply isn’t enough time in the day. And … More Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 4: ‘Social’ Social Media




Leave a comment

Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 4: ‘Social’ Social Media





The Presidential Records Management Directive, M-12-18 and the DoD 5015.2 Standard

				December 31, 2016			


For those of you who aren’t familiar with M-12-18, it is the Office of Management and Budget’s and NARA’s joint memorandum providing guidance for implementation of the Presidential Directive on Managing Federal Records released in November, 2011. Among the many requirements included in M-12-18 are two critical deadlines.  The first deadline is today, December 31, … More The Presidential Records Management Directive, M-12-18 and the DoD 5015.2 Standard




2 Comments

The Presidential Records Management Directive, M-12-18 and the DoD 5015.2 Standard





Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 3: Twitter

				November 30, 2016			


I need to start this post with a confession. I don’t really have any right to give advice on using Twitter.  Every time I think I have it figured out, something strange happens and I’m completely befuddled again.  Never fails. In my defense, I’m clearly not alone here.  Based on offline discussions I’ve had with … More Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 3: Twitter




2 Comments

Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 3: Twitter





An Industry Pioneer on Records Management and Artificial Intelligence

				October 19, 2016			


Readers of my blogs who have been in the records management business as long as I have will remember a records management application vendor called TruArc (which was originally founded as Provenance). In the early 2000’s TruArc released a product called AutoRecords. AutoRecords was the very first records management solution brought to market that leveraged … More An Industry Pioneer on Records Management and Artificial Intelligence




Leave a comment

An Industry Pioneer on Records Management and Artificial Intelligence





Vicki Lemieux Comments on Records Management and the Blockchain

				September 12, 2016			


Anyone who has heard me speak or followed this blog knows that I have a particular interest in how blockchain technology will be used to support information lifecycle management.  I try to provide the records management community with any new blockchain information I may come across. Recently, Record Management ListServ member Gary Link posted a … More Vicki Lemieux Comments on Records Management and the Blockchain




Leave a comment

Vicki Lemieux Comments on Records Management and the Blockchain





Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 2: Blogs

				August 3, 2016			


Here’s the really great thing about blogs: they are entirely your own.  You can say what you want, when you want, in whatever writing style you choose.  You don’t have deadlines and you’re not answering to an editor who ultimately has the final say over what you write. There has never been anything more democratic … More Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 2: Blogs




4 Comments

Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 2: Blogs





Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 1: LinkedIn

				July 23, 2016			


As I’ve noted here often, the fundamentals of records management haven’t changed in hundreds of years.  We manage information – regardless of the media on which it is recorded – effectively through all five stages of the information lifecycle: creation, distribution, use, maintenance and disposition. Until relatively recently, the information we have managed has been … More Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 1: LinkedIn




2 Comments

Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 1: LinkedIn




Posts navigation
Older posts






Search for:



  Recent Posts 

Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 4: ‘Social’ Social Media


The Presidential Records Management Directive, M-12-18 and the DoD 5015.2 Standard


Social Media and the Records Management Professional – Part 3: Twitter


An Industry Pioneer on Records Management and Artificial Intelligence


Vicki Lemieux Comments on Records Management and the Blockchain


 Follow Me On Twitter:My TweetsArchives 
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
September 2015
August 2015

Recent Comments 
Don Lueders on The Presidential Records Manag…Mark Mandel on The Presidential Records Manag…Don Lueders on Social Media and the Records M…nixonara on Social Media and the Records M…Social Media and the… on Social Media and the Records M… 
Categories 
Automated Information LIfecycle Management Model

Email Records Management

Enterprise Records and Information Management

Next Generation Records Management

Social Media for Records Management Professionals

The Blockchain and Records Management

Uncategorized


Meta 
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.com 

Follow  on WordPress.com







Blog at WordPress.com.




























Blog at WordPress.com. 





Post to



Cancel







 











 








