




secco



aura


press


investors















aura/
press/
investors/

















































A world where your worth is the contents of your character, not the contents of your wallet




secco aura
a world where your worth is the contents of your character, not the contents of your wallet











aura/
press/
investors/













































auraA world where your worth is the contents of your character, not the contents of your wallet



  







Your True SelfDon't judge a book by its cover - broadcast your Aura and reveal your true value







Where You AreScan for Auras and discover the value of people and businesses around you







Creating ValueCreate your own tokens and grow your value as you interact Aura to Aura   Money doesn’t make the world go round - You Do  







  Do you share your make-up tips with mates? Taught a co-worker to code? Fund-raised and proudly wear the t-shirt? It feels good right! It’s rewarding. It’s valuable. You’re valuable.Secco recognises that everyone has value and helps you have rewarding interactions everywhere you go.Aura gives you social superpowersSee someone with great style - pop a compliment on their Aura and receive a coupon in return. Struggling with your website - swap the answer to ‘7 across’ for tips from the designer doing the crossword at the next table. Not quite got the hang of the University laundrette - trade your lecture notes for a load of clean clothes. The value tokens you create contain your true worth - your time, skills, knowledge, stuff, needs, wants, hopes and dreams - and when you interact with these Aura to Aura you are rewarded and your value grows.Don’t let valuable interactions pass you by - make a friend, support a cause, exchange a skill, achieve your goals and realise your dreams.  



Be the first to create an aura - pre-register now!





Email Address




register


We'll only use your email to update you about Secco Aura
Please wait one moment…









 


 




































© 2016 secco labs ltd



 



