






M³
CLL
Events
Whitepapers
The Next Platform







































                Data Center
            

                Software
            

                Security
            

                Transformation
            

                DevOps
            

                Business
            

                Personal Tech
            

                Science
            

                Emergent Tech
            

                Bootnotes
            













                            Alerts
                        



                            Newsletters
                        





Florida Man jailed for 4 years after raking in a million bucks from spam



Jun-OH-NO! NASA's Jupiter probe in busted helium-valve drama



Paper factory fired its sysadmin. He returned via VPN and caused $1m in damage. Now jailed



BlackBerry sued by hundreds of staffers 'fooled' into quitting







                            Servers
                        



                            HPC
                        



                            Cloud
                        



                            Storage
                        



                            Networks
                        



                            Virtualization
                        



                            BOFH
                        





UK Snoopers' Charter gagging order drafted for London Internet Exchange directors



Yee-haw! It's the Friday storage round-up



Brit watchdog spanks Microsoft, Amazon, Apple into promising fairer cloud contracts



Did Oracle just sign tape's death warrant? Depends what 'no comment' means








Microsoft makes cheeky bid for MongoDB devs on Azure security grounds



Microsoft ups Surface slab prices for Brits. Darn weak pound, eh?



Dirty data, flogged cores: YES, Microsoft SQL Server R Services has its positives



Talk of tech innovation is bullsh*t. Shut up and get the work done – says Linus Torvalds








Florida Man jailed for 4 years after raking in a million bucks from spam



Paper factory fired its sysadmin. He returned via VPN and caused $1m in damage. Now jailed



Probe President Trump and his crappy Samsung Twitter-o-phone, demand angry congressfolk



Smash up your kid's Bluetooth-connected Cayla 'surveillance' doll, Germany urges parents








Hyperconverged market gets hyper-competitive as new riders enter field



Cloud industry body sets up new data protection code



World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017



Brought to you by UK.gov: 'Most ambitious programme of change of any government anywhere in the world'








GitLab invokes the startup defence to explain data loss woes



With nearly 1m users on its books, DigitalOcean touts load balancers



Continuous Lifecycle London: More workshops, more speakers



Why software engineers should ditch Silicon Valley for Austin







                            Policy
                        



                            The Channel
                        





BlackBerry sued by hundreds of staffers 'fooled' into quitting



Round-filed 'paperless' projects: Barriers remain to Blighty's Digital NHS



UK recruitment biz Coal Intelligent Technology ceases trading



Installing disks is basically LEGO, right? This admin failed LEGO








Huge if true: iPhone 8 will feature 3D selfies, rodent defibrillator



Nokia's 3310 revival – what's NEXT? Vote now



Standards Australia might send Tesla's PowerWalls outside



Vinyl, filofaxes – why not us too, pleads Nokia







                            SPB
                        



                            Geek's Guide
                        





Jun-OH-NO! NASA's Jupiter probe in busted helium-valve drama



Dead cockroaches make excellent magnets – now what are we supposed to do with this info?



Baby supernova spotted, just three hours old and a real cutie



Get it while it's hot: NASA's Space Poo contest winners wipe up $30k







                            Artificial Intelligence
                        



                            Internet of Things
                        





Errors in Australia's Centrelink debt recovery system were inevitable



What does a complex AI model look like? Here's some Friday eye candy from UK biz Graphcore



Oracle's IoT play: Teach business apps and things to talk together



THE SCHMIDT HITS THE BAN: Keep your gloves off AI, military top brass







                            Verity Stob
                        





A webcam is not so much a leering eye as the barrel of a gun



FAKE BREWS: America rocked by 'craft beer' scandal allegations



Nul points for Ukraine's Eurovision ticket site fail



Kings College London bods recruit members for penis ring study







More like this


Malware


Antivirus






Security









                                16
                            


Life after antivirus: Reinventing endpoint security
Multilayered defence

























                        9 Feb 2017 at 15:38,
                    
John E Dunn




Promo Security professionals still talk about “antivirus defences,” but in the space of a handful of years what is meant by this term has undergone a dramatic shift.
On the surface, things look much as they have always done. Businesses still run what used to be called “AV protection,” reinvented some time ago as the all-purpose “anti-malware.” But underneath the surface, behind the remote management consoles, everything has changed.




With humble viruses long gone and even the term “malware” starting to morph, security clients now behave more like sensors for multi-layered, centralised security systems encompassing not only defence and remediation, but response, forensics, and even data security.
This change might seem like a natural development that parallels how many technologies have evolved since the turn of the millennium, but within cybersecurity it reflects deeper currents. The most important of these is the almost supernatural rise of the professional criminal developing malware at industrial scale. This has not only forced security companies to innovate at an uncomfortable pace, but to integrate the multiple layers of protection necessary to counter such dark innovations.
At the same time, what is being protected now extends way beyond the desktop Windows PC or server. Whether they are laptops or smartphones taken beyond the protection of the firewall perimeter or any one of a multitude of Internet of Things devices, the simpler age of PC security has given way to that of the modern “endpoint.”
Endpoints can be any type of device, and located almost anywhere, taking the perimeter of the network with them as they move. In addition to PCs and smartphones, endpoints now include printers, surveillance cameras, point-of-sale terminals, smart sensors, in-car interfaces, local network devices such as wireless access points, and cloud-emulated systems. BYOD means they can even be personal devices.
But as the old reactive model of anti-malware defence has proved inadequate, protection is now about anticipation, says Sophos senior VP and GM, enduser & network security group, Dan Schiappa.
“Old world anti-malware was based on some prior knowledge of malware, meaning that defences were created after malware had been analysed. This is a reactive way to do endpoint security.
“Next Gen technology is more proactive and can have defences for malware that have never been seen before, using more algorithmic and behaviour-based approaches.”
That doesn’t mean that anticipating malware isn’t incredibly difficult. How can security professionals preempt something their systems might never have seen before?
It follows from this that static AV signatures are now a much smaller part of anti-malware because it is a concept that depends on what is already known. The new emphasis is on spotting behaviours, an idea that stretches back to the early days of AV heuristics in the 1990s. Today, however, it is not simply about profiling broad behaviours but analysing and tracking often complex interactions and relating them to “anomalous” events.
Consider the range of threats that face endpoints. Some of these are mundane, such as the way attackers target unpatched vulnerabilities – including unknown ones such as “zero days” – across a vast array of software. That requires diligent and indefinite patching regimes, assuming a patch is always available. This imposes huge stresses on software companies and customers alike, who are forced to consciously balance security with the potential disruption caused by constantly updating software.
Others are more novel, such as the way ransomware has emerged to attack not systems but data itself. An interesting example offered by Sophos’ Schiappa is memory-resident or “fileless” malware that never saves a trace of itself to storage.
“The biggest trend we are seeing is malware running in memory exploiting vulnerabilities in legitimate software, such as browser, java, and office documents,” he says.
The challenge is that these look much the same as other programs, doing the same things such as accessing files and resources. They don’t stand out until it is too late.
According to Schiappa, this similarity to everyday software risks false positives, and management complexity of the sort that overloads admins. He describes the need for multi-layered detections that can risk-score behaviours in a number of ways.
“We actually use the various components to suppress false positives. We have many aggressive detections in our pre-execution scanning, but we can use reputation to suppress false positives. That is one of the advantages of having an ensemble of next-generation technologies.” In effect, protection must have a sense of what is “normal” for a given endpoint and network, and focus on deviations from that pattern.
Doing it differently
The expression of the Sophos philosophy is Intercept X, a neat summary of the state of-the-art protection that all companies are trying to develop atop their current and often more traditional anti-malware software.
Its design defends files against ransomware by watching which processes are interacting with them, running an anti-exploit layer that monitors for common techniques hitting zero days, and even coming up with what the company calls “root cause analysis,” a method for analysing what malware was doing before it was detected. The company is also looking at machine learning as part of the overall solution – although Schiappa rates it as “too immature and too false-positive prone to be an effective technology alone.”
When it matures, the key will be to integrate it into the protections that already exist rather than rely on it as a “magic bullet,” in his words. It is possible to imagine defenders assembling these diverse components from a collection of new endpoint protection companies that have sprung up on the back of the money pouring into cybersecurity. However, it’s obvious from even a cursory description of these layers that they require a huge amount of integration from the vendor to work effectively.
Schiappa points out that what security managers don’t want is a new generation of endpoint agents to manage, and more complexity to cope with. This is how security got itself into such a mess in the first place. As far as cornerstone endpoints such as Windows machines are concerned, this renders redundant the old “best of breed” versus single platform argument: without the integration that comes from a single platform, no matter how good it is at a single ability, protection will always be partial and potentially compromised. ®




                        Tips and corrections
                    



16
                        Comments
                    




More from The Register






Macs don't get viruses? Hahaha, ha... seriously though, that Word doc could be malware

                            Files spotted using Python code to infect Apple machines
                        


                                50 Comments
                            








Apple fans using Chrome on alert for Mac malware

                            Google AdWords has been spewing software nasties
                        


                                30 Comments
                            








WikiLeaks uploads 300+ pieces of malware among email dumps

                            Freedom. Justice. Openness. And some entirely avoidable p0wnage for good luck
                        


                                47 Comments
                            










Nymaim malware got a major 'upgrade', says Verint

                            It's nearly 2017, and Word macros are STILL spreading malware
                        


                                5 Comments
                            








Brave VMs to destroy themselves, any malware they find on HP's new laptop

                            1 like = 1 prayer for pre-baked Bromium virtualization tech
                        


                                17 Comments
                            








New Android-infecting malware brew hijacks devices. Why, you ask? Your router

                            1,280 Wi-Fi networks have fallen victim to the Switcher
                        


                                20 Comments
                            







Whitepapers



Relying on Averages to Anticipate Application Performance Can Be Risky

                    Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed.
                



Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved

                    The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models.
                



The total economic impact of Box’s enterprise content management and collaboration platform

                    Box can help achieve faster collaboration, save IT costs, and improve productivity.
                



Blending cloud-native and conventional applications

                    This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications.
                













Most read




Zuckerberg thinks he's cyber-Jesus – and publishes a 6,000-word world-saving manifesto
                





'I'm innocent!' says IT contractor on trial after Office 365 bill row spiraled out of control
                





New Royal Navy Wildcat helicopters can't transmit vital data
                





Installing disks is basically LEGO, right? This admin failed LEGO
                





UK Snoopers' Charter gagging order drafted for London Internet Exchange directors
                





















Spotlight


The Register's guide to protecting your data when visiting the US



Despite the spiel, we're still some decades from true anti-malware AI



Honeypots: Free psy-ops weapons that can protect your network before defences fail



Cyber-spying, leaking to meddle in foreign politics is the New Normal



Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel



How to secure MongoDB – because it isn't by default and thousands of DBs are being hacked



Because I'm bad, I'm bad, Shamoon: PC wiper tried to shut down Saudi snapshot defences



Top cop: Strap Wi-Fi jammers to teen web crims as punishment



Sponsored links

All-Flash Arrays - A flash of brilliance or just a flash in the pan? Have your say in our reader survey

Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts

















Follow us
























More content

Subscribe to newsletter
Top 20 stories
Week’s headlines
Archive
Webcasts



About us

Privacy
Company info
Advertise with us
Syndication
Send us news tips



The Register

                Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017

            

                Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
            




 








