









The Play's The Thing UK
Theatre & Performance Criticism


Menu
Search





Skip to content
HomeAbout MeEmbedded Criticism & Script Consultancy






Search for:











Summer Nights in Space, VAULT Festival 


Since he was little, John Spartan has been obsessed with outer space. His whole existence revolves around being an astronaut so as a young man, he enrolls in Space Base in order to fulfill his life’s purpose. Turns out that John’s course mates and wife find his constant prattling rather tiresome, so they take matters into their own hands – John is given a fake commission and loaded solo onto a shuttle. Three years later, he’s still singing his story to the on-board computer to pass the time until his ship will plummets into a far away star. 
 Continue reading →


17 February, 2017laurakressly
Leave a comment




Beau Brummel – An Elegant Madness, Jermyn Street Theatre 


Locked away in a convent in Calais, a mad Beau Brummel and his valet bide their time until the visiting Prince of Wales passes. Disgraced by debts acquired from living well beyond his means, Brummel escaped to France – but his past eventually caught up with him. Will the prince catch sight of his old friend and rescue him? Or will Beau be consigned to life’s scrap heap, forever forgotten, fallen from the pinnacle of London’s social elites?
 Continue reading →


16 February, 2017laurakressly
Leave a comment




Droll, VAULT Festival 

By guest critic Jo Trainor
“Let’s all dance ‘round the shitty faced baby.”
Drolls (director Brice Stratford explains) were short, raucous, illegal plays from the 17th Century. Oliver Cromwell and the Puritan interregnum banned theatre from 1642, but drolls were performed in pubs and alley ways to keep theatrical traditions going. Stratford says no one has put on a droll for 400 years, and boy, have companies been missing a trick because these sketches provide a hilarious evening of entertainment. There’s sex, there’s adultery, and you’re given a shot of whisky when you come in the door.
 Continue reading →


16 February, 2017laurakressly
comedy, history, improvisation, interactive, review
Leave a comment




Blood & Bone, VAULT Festival 


By guest critic Alistair Wilkinson (@alistairwilks)
A political satire, blended with sexualised humour, with a sprinkle of fertiliser-addicted plants that just want to have fun with their mates – what more could you ask for on a Wednesday night? The overriding rule of their way of life – do not leave the greenhouse. If you do, be prepared to fall prey to being a part of a hipster vegan’s Instagram post.
 Continue reading →


16 February, 2017laurakressly
comedy, internet, political theatre, politics, puppetry, relationships, review, vault festival
Leave a comment




La Ronde, The Bunker 


Last year, Elon Musk suggested it’s likely that our entire existence is a computer simulation made by some highly evolved species. The simulation might be programmed randomly, or might not. Max Gill’s La Ronde gives credence to the idea that our lives are dictated by a power higher than ourselves. This production is bravely dictated by randomness, with a large wheel choosing the order of the scenes and which characters encounter each other. With such a prominent feature, the unknown is thrilling but the end result is one of cold machination, much like a game show. This modern update often feels stilted, restrained by some clumsy dialogue and overly stereotypical characters, though the chance encounters with little emotional connection bear an unsettling resemblance to casual sex in the digital world. 
 Continue reading →


15 February, 2017laurakressly
Leave a comment




Villain, King’s Head Theatre 




By guest critic Alistair Wilkinson (@alistairwilks)
Is there a choice you wouldn’t have made, if you had known how that decision would have turned out? That is the question asked in Villain. Written and directed by Martin Murphy, this hour-long solo performance is intensely moving, satisfyingly upsetting, but with just the right amount of humour to make it upbeat.
 Continue reading →


14 February, 2017laurakressly
Leave a comment




Bloody Mary: In Service to the True God, VAULT Festival 


What with the worst moments in human history threatening to repeat themselves in the western world, it’s to be expected that theatre will have a lot to say about it. Bernie C Byrnes seeks to comment directly on this cycle by incorporating modern Tory speeches into the volatile, tyrannical reign of Queen Mary I, with a focus on her determination to protect her country and its faith. She picks up on the strong parallels with the contemporary religious/fascist right.
 Continue reading →


14 February, 2017laurakressly
Leave a comment



Posts navigation

←





by Laura Kressly & Guest WritersAbout Me
Remotegoat reviews
everything theatre reviews
The Shakespeare Standard column
My Theatre Mates
Follow Site via Email








 



February 2017


M
T
W
T
F
S
S




« Jan
 
 




 12345


6789101112


13141516171819


20212223242526


2728
 


My TweetsTagsabsurd
adaptation
all-female
American theatre
BAME
battersea arts centre
biography
cabaret
children's theatre
circus
comedy
cost of living
culture
dance
design
devised
Edinburgh Festival Fringe
etcetera theatre
family
feature
feminism
fringe theatre
gender
Greenwich Theatre
history
immigration
interactive
interactive theatre
international theatre
Jack Studio Theatre
King's Head Theatre
LGBT
live art
London Horror Festival
love
mental health
movement
music
musical theatre
new writing
Old Red Lion Theatre
one-person show
performance art
physical theatre
poetry
political issues
political theatre
politics
pub theatre
puppetry
relationships
review
Rose Theatre
satire
Science
sex
Shakespeare
site-specific
Social class
Soho Theatre
spoken word
storytelling
subsidised theatre
technology
Theatre N16
touring theatre
Tristan Bates Theatre
Union Theatre
vault festival
visual theatre
war
Waterloo Vaults
West End
writing
WWIITop Posts & Pages 

						Blood & Bone, VAULT Festival					



						Droll, VAULT Festival					



						Summer Nights in Space, VAULT Festival					



						Beau Brummel - An Elegant Madness, Jermyn Street Theatre					



						Bloody Mary: In Service to the True God, VAULT Festival					



						La Ronde, The Bunker					



						Hearing Things, VAULT Festival					



						Masurca Fogo, Sadler's Wells					



						Ash, VAULT Festival					



						Narcissistic Nativity, Fucking Little Elf Bitch, Rosemary Branch					

 



Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.


















						The Play's The Thing UK					


Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 





Post to



Cancel







 










 
 







