 


















Home




Opportunity




Company




Products




People




Projects




Log In: 
Non-Texas  |  Texas




 
Travel Light  |  Associate




Get Started: 
Customer  |  Associate




Country: 
United States  |  
			Australia




Language: 
English  |  
				Español











							Secure Log In


							Get Started




 Secure Log In




											Energy Customers

Texas Customers
Non-Texas Customers


Travel Light Customers
Associate Login






 Get Started



Become a Customer
Become an Associate


















								Choose Your Country


  United States
  Australia



Español














×
Become a Customer






EXCLUSIVE ACCESS TO

                                    WHOLESALE TRAVEL RATES

Save a Little

110% price guarantee
Zero carbon travel
Save up to 15%


Join for Free 

Save a Lot
All the above, plus:
Rewards Credits earn you free travel
Personal concierge service
Discounts on activities, entertainment & more
Light the World
Save up to 50% off

$99 setup; $39.99/month


                                    Enroll Today
                                    




AFFORDABLE,
RESPONSIBLE ENERGY
PROMOTE A HEALTHY ENVIRONMENT


No fees to enroll
Flexible, affordable rate plans
No interruption in service
Simple, fast enrollment
Lower your carbon footprint
Give light to others


Access Clean Energy












Oops!

		Thank you for your interest in enrolling as a customer. Please contact your Viridian Associate for further assistance.




Oops!

		Thank you for your interest in becoming a customer with Viridian Energy. At this time, the customer enrollment option is not available on this Associate’s personal website. Please contact the Viridian Associate who referred you with additional questions.




Oops!

		Please visit a Viridian Associate's website to enroll.








Javascript Error: To access the full features of this website, please enable JavaScript.











POWERED BY PURPOSE
A more sustainable future starts with you.And with Viridian, that's so easy and affordable to do.
It's all about the power of simple, everyday choices to drive meaningful change in the world. Discover how products and services you use every day can create a budget-smart, sustainable lifestyle.















Together we can create a better world for all – one human connection, smart innovation and generous action at a time.








PRODUCTS

We offer products that help the environment, not harm it. Kind of simple, huh?





PEOPLE

We attract and empower people who not only care, but take action.





PROJECTS

We support and participate in initiatives that make a big difference all over the world.















PRODUCTS

Every customer makes a difference









Reduce your carbon footprint
Live your life and help the planet, too. Our affordable products offset your carbon emissions, making it easy to make a big difference.

									Since 2009 our customers have avoided more than
7078651106
pounds of CO2*

That's equivalent to:




 
												82,328,773
Tree seedlings planted




 
												50,541,364,586
2-liter bottles recycled






 



Light the world
For every month you're a customer, we'll donate one day of power to a family that really needs it. And spread the light in other ways you'll be proud to be part of, too.



1 month 1 day





















Exclusive Access to
Wholesale Travel Rates
Zero Carbon • 110% Price Guarantee • Earn Rewards




We’ve revolutionized the world of travel. Bringing you zero carbon travel at deep discounts, and rich rewards to help you see and change the world.   Learn more »

Join for Free  
									    
                                        Enroll Today

















TRAVEL

Watch Video
Learn More









ELECTRICITY

Watch Video
Learn More









SOLAR

Get a Quote Now
Watch Video
Learn More









BUSINESS

Learn More









NATURAL GAS

Watch Video
Learn More









ECOBEE3

Learn More
















PEOPLE

Here's where you come in.











										JOIN OUR NETWORK
You belong here!

Calling all social entrepreneurs (no experience required): Here's your chance to own a turnkey, purpose-driven business. You get top-notch training, plus an inspiring community of Viridian Associates who are as invested in your success as they are in their own. Share the love!

Learn More









										CHOOSE OUR PRODUCTS
Live your life. Change the world.

Choosing Viridian is easy, and immediately makes you part of something important and immensely powerful. It's really pretty amazing: Simply by using your energy or booking your travel, you can make a big difference for our planet and everyone on it. What's not to love?

Learn More
















JoeAssociate since 2010



Bob & PennieAssociate since 2010



EdAssociate since 2010



JennaAssociate since 2009



RalphAssociate since 2010



TerrieAssociate since 2009



John & LellaAssociate since 2010



See More People…













PROJECTS


									Making a difference around the world.
One community. One family. One home. One tree. One sustainable project at a time.









Your one, simple choice supports initiatives that create lasting impact all over the world. Projects close to home, like beach cleanups and trail clearings, and as far-flung as solar power for remote, off-grid communities. Become a Viridian customer today, and help spread light and hope around the globe.









Explore Our Projects









Amazon Preservation Project
					The Amazon Preservation Project signifies our commitment to plant 5,000 trees in deforested regions of the Amazon.








7 Continents in 7 Years
					Our 7 Continents in 7 Years (7C7Y) projects have made life easier, brighter and more economically stable for off-grid communities in remote, underserved regions.  In addition to installing solar power, we also assist with reforestation and other sustainable projects as needed.








Sun Plus One
					Sun Plus One shares light and power with the people who are most in need. For every 15 of our installed solar customers, Viridian donates one solar power system to a family in the U.S. or around the world.








Earth Month
					Earth Month offers everyone the chance to grab some work gloves, seedlings, trash bags and rakes and show our communities and planet a little love.
























Finally, true electric savings.







NO CREDIT CHECK. NO DEPOSITS.


















Contact Information

Viridian Associate Services

										535 Connecticut Ave, 5th floorNorwalk, CT 06854
										PH. 866-657-8617
askv@viridian.com


Customer Care

										Viridian Energy
										535 Connecticut Ave, 6th floorNorwalk, CT 06854
										PH. 866-663-2508
customercare@viridian.com


										Viridian Energy Texas
										2620 Technology Forest DriveThe Woodlands, TX 77381
										PH. 844-237-3658
texascustomercare@viridian.com


										Eco Pre-paid
										PH. 855-332-0572
viridian@paylesspower.com



Sitemap




Home




Opportunity




Company




Products




People




Projects




Log In: 
Non-Texas  |  Texas




 
Travel Light  |  Associate




Get Started: 
Customer  |  Associate




Country: 
United States  |  
			Australia




Language: 
English  |  
				Español









Products For Home




Electricity and Natural Gas




Solar




Smart Thermostats




ECO Prepaid (Texas Only)






Products For Business




Commercial Energy Program






Travel The World With Us




Travel Light Membership






Energy Price Information




Utility Price Index




Solar




Smart Thermostats












Please Visit Us on Social Media!






Have a Question for Us?

									Customer Questions: customercare.viridian.com
									Associate Questions: askvnow.viridian.com










Regulatory Info


										PURA Docket No. 09-04-15Public Utilities Regulatory Authority (PURA), Ten Franklin Square, New Britain, CT 06051 PH: 860-827-1553TriEagle Energy LP d/b/a Viridian Energy PUCT No. 10064





































All Rights Reserved
©2017 Viridian
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Texas Outage Contacts

























×









Joe Occhiogroso, Ambassador

New JerseyAssociate since 2010
Anyone can get a job and make money, but successful Viridian Associates are tired of the trade-off. Life is too short. Plus, this company is the only one I've seen where everyone helps everyone else all the time. It's the perfect business model.







Bob & Pennie Quintana, Ambassador

New JerseyAssociate since 2010
It's an honor and a blessing to achieve what we have. But most of all it's the result of many amazing team members and Associates successfully building their businesses—it's the incredible people on our team who got us here. Dream big, set your goals clearly, and have the faith to believe they're possible!







Ed Kenny

MarylandAssociate since 2010
You can definitely draw a lot of similarities between how Viridian's built their business and how core family values work in America. And when you line up a good family business together with a company that already acts like a family, you can create so much success.
Team V (Jim Kenny, Ed Kenny, Brenden Kenny, and Michael FitzPatrick ), Ambassador






Jenna Marzullo-Stockwell, Ambassador

ConnecticutAssociate since 2009
The money I've made with my Viridian business is a huge blessing, and being in the Millionaires Circle is a huge honor. But if it disappeared tomorrow, I would be so grateful for the personal transformation that this company has helped me with. Personal lessons far outnumber the financial.







Ralph Malek, Ambassador

New JerseyAssociate since 2010
My real goal is to see people win in life. It is critically important to me. My ultimate love for this business is renewed whenever somebody can say that their life was changed because I inspired them in some way.







Terrie Walker, Ambassador

ConnecticutAssociate since 2009
Viridian was an answer to a prayer. I hadn't been employed for a couple of years, and I was looking for a job. Now I have so much more. My family is everything to me, and not only do I work with my family in my Viridian business, the success I achieve with Viridian is allowing me to spend more time with my family.







John & Lella Pyonteck, Ambassador

New JerseyAssociate since 2010
You never know what's inside of someone else, you see them on the outside, but you don't know the desire burning deep inside of them. We want to learn who each person is, learn what desire lives inside of them and then show them exactly how to get it.




























































