



















 Tel: 1-800-450-1773


 Tel: (800) 450-1773 
 Email: info (at) Netizen.us







Home

 Solutions 

Cybersecurity and Compliance
CyberSecure™ Software
CyberSecure™ DevOps

CyberSecure™ Cloud Computing
CyberSecure™ Data Management

View All Solution Areas



 Industries 

Defense and Government
Education
Energy and Utilities
Finance and Insurance
Healthcare
Law Enforcement
Logistics and Supply Chain
Manufacturing





Contracts

 About 

Company Overview
Awards and Accolades
Career Opportunities
Clients and Partners
Commercial Partner Program
Community Involvement
Corporate Leadership



News

Contact

Search





















  Trusted Cybersecurity Solutions

                        Experts in protecting critical infrastructure with a focus on software, device, and network security. Advanced yet affordable compliance, monitoring, assessment, and other solutions. Learn more...




  Software Assurance

                        Unparalleled expertise in application security. We test, engineer and integrate applications of any scale using proven Agile methods with a strong focus on building-in security and quality. Learn more...




  Secure DevOps Solutions

                        Bridging the gap between software development and support functions. We provide solutions to securely automate and integrate testing, deployment, and support systems. Learn more...




  Government Solutions

                        An award-winning Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) that proudly supports and secures our nation's defense, healthcare, financial, and other programs. Learn more...











Providing CyberSecure Solutions™ To Safeguard Critical Systems

               Netizen is an award-winning company that develops and leverages innovative solutions to enable a more secure and integrated cyberspace for clients in government and commercial markets.
            




Learn What Makes Netizen Different or Visit Our Core Solution Areas Below
        







Software





                        Expert software assurance, security, test and evaluation, and integration using proven Agile methods and automated DevOps tools. 
                    






Government





                        In-depth experience supporting the unique information technology and security needs of federal, state and local government agencies.
                    







Healthcare




                        Patient-centric software and security solutions for healthcare providers designed to improve care, protect data, and increase quality and reliability.
                    







Cybersecurity





                    Trusted solutions to minimize risk and protect critical infrastructure including assessment, monitoring, compliance, advisory, and more.
                















Learn About us



                                Netizen Corporation is a verified Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Business (SDVOSB) providing commercial organizations and government agencies with award-winning software, DevOps, and cybersecurity solutions. Learn more...



Get in Touch


Telephone: (800) 450-1773
Headquarters Office Address:

                                  5100 W. Tilghman Street
                                  Suite 300 
                                  Allentown, PA 18104

Email: info (at) Netizen.us



Connect on Social Media



    Facebook


    Twitter




    LinkedIn


    Google+













                                Copyright ©  Netizen Corporation. All Rights Reserved.






Home
Solutions
About
Partners
Careers
Contact
 Terms
Employees













×
  Government Solutions: How to Reach Us


Government visitors can view our contracts page for ways to reach us through streamlined acquisition or direct award options.We've made it easy and affordable for government agencies to access Netizen's trusted expertise and award-winning solutions.


Close
Take me there  




×
  We're Emerging Business of the Year!



                We wish to thank our valued clients, partners and employees for helping make us the Lehigh Valley's Emerging Business of the Year for 2015.
                
                From the bottom of our heart, Thank You All for this validation that our corporate mission,
                capabilities and strength as a team truly set us apart. 
                

                Sincerely,
                
Netizen Executive Leadership



Close
Read Press Release















