







Toggle navigation




Sebastiaan Provost



Home
About
Career
Skills
Project
Blog
Contact


































Previous



Next







About Me
























Provost Sebastiaan






















                    I am a Linux system engineer with a keen interest in development and (cyber)security. I enjoy traveling, photography, soccer, reading and gaming. I'd love to have a hand in the preservation of our historical heritage so that the next generation can enjoy the beautiful works of our ancestors.
                









My Career











Nucleus
I'm currently working as an operations engineer at the hosting company Nucleus.
 Sept. 2015  Operations Engineer 








One Agency
I was working at One Agency as a DevOps. I automated the deployments, managed the servers and I wrote new pieces of software that made the lives of our developers easier. 
 Jul. 2014  Dev Ops 








Orinx NV
I was working at Orinx NV as an IT engineer. I installed and maintained their internal network, their internal server(s). I also created their webshop and intranet from scratch in PHP (with CodeIgniter as supporting framework).
 Mar. 2013  IT Engineer 








Ideal Systems
At the 8th of August, I started as a Junior Java Consultant at Ideal Systems. I was hired to support/develop the CRM system for one of their clients (Belgacom/Telindus). I also managed the servers these systems ran on together with a colleague. 
August 2012 Junior Java Consultant 












My Skills





Linux




85% Complete (success)






System Engineering (Varnish, Jenkins, Git, Nginx, Apache, MySQL/MariaDB,...)




80% Complete (success)






Python




75% Complete (success)






Ruby




70% Complete (success)






PHP




70% Complete (success)






Puppet




70% Complete (success)






C++




40% Complete (success)













My Projects







Artisan Extended is a package for the PHP Laravel Framework. It allows you to add different configuration settings to configuration files through the command line.


Star


Fork













My Blog










Contact Me




Send me mail (GPG Key: F6C69FA9)

                    Or through the following ways
                













© 2016 Sebastiaan Provost









