 










Help

Login











Toggle navigation













                                Home
                            





                                Products
                            

Aanval SIEM
NSOC (Operations Center)






                                Contact
                            

Contact
Aanval Support














Information  Security 
Your data is your most valuable asset,  It's our business to keep it that way.



Aanval  Snort & Syslog  SIEM
Watch a short introduction to Aanval  Learn how it can benefit your organization

















Information Security, Vulnerability and Risk Management Solutions.
Looking for Aanval? The industry's leading Snort, Suricata, and Syslog Intrusion Detection, Correlation, and Threat Management console.


 Visit Aanval Website













Since 2003
Tactical FLEX has been supplying world-class IDS and SIEM tools and services that evolve with ever-changing threats, meet end user needs, and help define the security landscape. Aanval is not only the longest running Snort GUI but also the industry-leading front-end SIEM for complete correlation and threat management, and has and is still paving the way to make security and network visibility easy, automated, smart, and solid.







6,000+ Customers
Aanval is globally trusted and proven in such organizations and industries: government, education, healthcare, financial, weapons manufacturing, space exploration, and more.We value our customers’ business and needs, and take feedback and requests very seriously; they keep us working tirelessly to improve existing and implement custom features.







Our Success
From start to finish, we’re there to help plan, build, deploy, manage, and repair your solution. Our developers and engineers have combined decades of experience with not only Aanval, but with Snort and other IDS tools; vulnerability scanning, and more. Support is included with every Aanval console package. From wiki guides, chat, telephone, and remote support, our team is available to keep you up and running.






Our Products







Visit Aanval Website


Aanval SAS/Enterprise
Aanval is the industry's most comprehensive Snort and Syslog Intrusion Detection, Correlation, and Threat Management console on the market.









Visit Aanval Website


Aanval Community
Free limited version of our flagship product, available for download now.









Our Services





Tactical FLEX, Inc. provides a multitude of critical information security services, in addition to our industry leading technology and product offerings. The following is a short list of how we currently assist our customers with their information security needs:

 Network Intrusion Detection
 Intrusion Alerting and Notification
 Security Event Management
 Security Data Archiving and Storage

 Vulnerability Assessments
 Application Audits
 Code Review

Please see our service offering details, or contact us for assistance.



"Information security is not a one-time purchased product, but a process that is continually changing as technology and security threats evolve. It's our business to adapt and even predict these evolutions to keep our customers protected."
CEO, Loyal Moses

















Tactical FLEX, Inc. has developed and deployed highly specialized, custom and large scale enterprise applications currently in use by NASA, the US Department of Defense, Nordstroms, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, the US Air Force, Monster, Mercedes, University of Notre Dame, Expedia, Harvard University, USDA and more.




Useful Links

About us
Latest jobs
Contact us





Contact Us

                            sales.group [@] tacticalflex.com 
                            Phone: 800 921 2584 
                            Fax: 501 648 0875
                        










                            2015 © All Rights Reserved.
                           Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
















































