





 

Nicholas Weaver










ICSI »
	ICIR »
	Nicholas Weaver






Contact (vCard)


email
nweaver@icsi.berkeley.edu


mail

ICSI1947 Center St Suite 600
Berkeley CA 94704



office
(510) 666-2903


cell
{ASK ME}




Related


My personal blog
The ICIR blog
My SSH public key
My PGP public key

Tweets by @NCWeaver








Short Bio


I received a B.A. in Astrophysics and Computer Science in 1995, and my
Ph.D. in Computer Science in 2003 from
the University of California at
Berkeley.  Although
my dissertation was on novel
FPGA architectures, I also was highly interested in Computer Security,
including postulating the possibility of very fast computer worms in
2001.

In 2003, I joined ICSI, first as a postdoc and then as a staff
researcher.  My primary research focus is on network security, notably
worms, botnets, and other internet-scale attacks, and network
measurement.  Other areas have included both hardware acceleration and
software parallelization of network intrusion detection, defenses for
DNS resolvers, and tools for detecting ISP-introduced manipulations of
a user's network connection.

For Spring 2016, my office hours will be in 329 Soda Hall on Mondays
M: 12-1
W: 10-12
F: 10-11.






Recent Publications
My full CV with all publications is here.



PharmaLeaks: Understanding the Business of Online Pharmaceutical Affiliate Programs

pdf
bib



          D. McCoy, A. Pitsillidis, G. Jordan, N. Weaver, C. Kreibich, B. Krebs, G. Voelker, S. Savage, K. Levchenko. USENIX Security Symposium, 2012, Bellevue/WA, USA.
	

		    This paper presents an in-depth look at the
		    business of rogue internet pharmacies.
		    See Brian's
		    article for a high-level summary.
		  



GQ: Practical Containment for Measuring Modern Malware Systems

pdf
bib
6 citations



          C. Kreibich, N. Weaver, C. Kanich, W. Cui, V. Paxson. Internet Measurement Conference (IMC) 2011, Berlin, Germany.
	

		    This paper presents the malware habitat that
		    enabled all
		    of our botnet
		    infiltrations and spam harvests, and also
		    describes lessons learned from 5+ years of
		    building and (safely!) running one of the most
		    wretched hives of malware scum and villainy
		    around.
		  



Netalyzr: Illuminating The Edge Network

pdf
bib
35 citations



          C. Kreibich, N. Weaver, B. Nechaev, V. Paxson.  Internet Measurement Conference (IMC), 2010, Melbourne, Australia.
        

	We believe that Netalyzr represents the
most comprehensive edge-network testing tool available today.  Its
easy-to-use interface allows users to obtain profiles of their
connectivity with just two mouse clicks.
	






Projects
Netalyzr » debug your internet
Priv3 » practical third-party privacy for the social web
Fathom » turn your browser into a measurement platform
Web Tripwires » enabling web pages to check themselves for possible modifications
Click Trajectories » end-to-end analysis of the spam value chain
CCIED » fighting internet epidemics











      updated on September 26, 2012 
    

	built with TT |
	Template & Structure (cc) Christian Kreibich
    




 


