














Log In - Join Laura 365












About Laura


Must Read


Must Listen


Must Watch


Laura 365


The Show





HOT TOPICS:



Economy & Trade
Gun Control
Foreign Policy
Immigration
Donald Trump
Democrats



















Trump goes on the offensive against the press, which loses its collective mind, declaring his Presidency is spinning out of control.





McConnell: Trump has done whatever a President Mitt Romney, Jeb Bush, or Marco Rubio would have done in their first weeks in office.





Retired Vice Admiral Robert Harward turns down President Trump's offer to take Michael Flynn's vacated spot on his national security team





Feminist boycott of Wegmans in Richmond, Virginia carrying Trump wine leads to sellout of the wine.





CBS' John Dickerson: The Press ruined its own reputation













Latest Show
Previous Show



Friday, February 17, 2017

Guest Lineup


Rep. Peter King (R)
						
						- Represents New York's Second Congressional District.
						
					

Amb. John Bolton
						
						- Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Senior Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.
						
					

Brian Kilcommons
						
						- Founder of Great Pets, Esteemed Dog Trainer & Industry Spokesman.
						
					

Kellyanne Conway
						
						- Counselor to President Donald Trump.
						
					





				








Listen to: 

Hour 1

 | 
 
Hour 2

 | 
 
Hour 3



Freebies

Rep. Peter King: 'The American People Loved Trump's Presser; Finally Calling Out The Elite Pompous Media'





Thursday, February 16, 2017

Guest Lineup


Joel Rosenberg
						
						- Former advisor to Benjamin Netanyahu, Founder of the Joshua Fund, author of the forthcoming book Without Warning.
						
					

Shirley Husar
						
						- California State Delegate for Trump; CEO of Urban Game Changer & Columnist for the Washington Times.
						
					

Kellyanne Conway
						
						- Counselor to President Donald Trump.
						
					





				








Listen to: 

Hour 1

 | 
 
Hour 2

 | 
 
Hour 3



Freebies

Fmr. Netanyahu Advisor: 'Uncomfortable with Jared Kushner as a Primary Negotiator with Israel'
Shirley Husar: LA Leads the Nation with Most Unsheltered Homeless People vs. Paying for Illegal Lawyers






Join Laura 365 to Access the Full Show Commercial-Free





			How Sportswriting has become a liberal profession
		

Back in the 1930s, you could walk into a press box and find not just a social justice warrior but an actual communist. His name was Lester Rodney, and he wrote sports for the party newspaper, The Daily Worker. Rodney's politics made his life complicated. Writers at "respectable" outlets like The New York Times would hardly speak to him. But his moral clarity was keener than just about anybody's.


Read More





			AP botches story on Trump sending out 100K National Guard members to round up illegal immigrants
		

White House press secretary Sean Spicer forcefully denied on Friday that the Trump administration is considering a proposal to mobilize as many as 100,000 National Guard troops to round up illegal immigrants, including millions living nowhere near the Mexico border.


Read More



Lie of the Day

As I look at what we might've expected from a President Mitt Romney, Marco Rubio, or Jeb Bush at the beginning of their tenures in office, I can't see much difference between what President Trump is doing and what they would've done.

- Sen. Mitch McConnell


More Lies



Freebies

		
			Rep. Peter King: 'The American People Loved Trump's Presser; Finally Calling Out The Elite Pompous Media'
		
	






More Freebies





			The Trump administration will start from scratch, issuing a new executive order in regards to the travel ban
		

The Justice Department told a federal appeals court on Thursday that it would not seek a rehearing of a decision that shut down President Trump's targeted travel ban. Instead, the administration will start from scratch, issuing a new executive order, the department said.


Read More





			Ryan struggles to sell tax reform plan to fellow Republicans
		

Paul Ryan showed up to Senate Republicans' weekly lunch on Tuesday hoping to salvage a controversial pillar of his tax reform plan that would change how imports and exports are taxed. "Keep your powder dry," the House speaker pleaded.


Read More





			California Schools Cut Meat, Cheese From Lunches To Fight Global Warming
		

Oakland schools partnered with the environmental group Friends of the Earth (FOE) to fight global warming by making student lunches climate-friendly.


Read More



Freebies

		
			Shirley Husar: LA Leads the Nation with Most Unsheltered Homeless People vs. Paying for Illegal Lawyers
		
	






More Freebies



Freebies

		
			Fmr. Netanyahu Advisor: 'Uncomfortable with Jared Kushner as a Primary Negotiator with Israel'
		
	






More Freebies





			A big insurer just quit Obamacare: What that means
		

Humana announced Tuesday that it would no longer participate in the Obamacare marketplaces, making it the first major insurer to withdraw from the exchanges since Trump's election.


Read More





			The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn
		

If we are to believe the Trump White House, National Security Adviser Michael Flynn just resigned because he lied about his conversations with Russia's ambassador to the vice president. As White House senior counselor Kellyanne Conway told NBC's "Today Show" on Tuesday: "Misleading the vice president really was the key here."


Read More





			Tucker to WaPo media reporter: I see you as a political hack
		

Tucker Carlson confronted Washington Post media critic Erik Wemple over his coverage of his employer, asking "Why don't you cover your own paper's shortcomings?"


Read More



Freebies

		
			Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick: The NFL needs to get out of politics.
		
	






More Freebies



Lie of the Day

We are in a fight for the soul of our democracy.

- Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD)


More Lies



Video of the Day


			Where does the administration head after the Flynn fallout?
		




More Videos of the Day




12345...10Next >>







Trending On 

>>  Dakota Access Protesters Cause 'Ecological Disaster'
>>  Moby Claims to Have 'Proof' of Trump-Russia Conspiracy
>>  A Letter to Stephen Curry from a Fan
>>  White House Suffers Steady Drumbeat of Illegal, Classified Leaks
>>  Top GOP Super PAC Sets Sights on Cuomo Early
>>  Shock Study: Trump's Wall Would Pay for Itself
>>  Elizabeth Warren Less Popular Than 'Generic' Democrat
>>  Flynn Flap Brings Out Long GOP Knives for Trump


More Trending On LifeZette




Tweets by @IngrahamAngle





Daily Fix Newsletter








Today's Poll




What did you think of President Trump's press conference yesterday?


Too combative



Classic Trump



Too soft









Archives
			|
			Results








Laura in the News

>> WND: Obama 'pretends to be morally outraged' over Russia hacking
>> The Daily Beast: Gingrich: Romney 'Sucking Up' To Trump
>> Gingrich Mocks Romney 'Suck Up' to Trump
>> Gingrich mocks Romney in French accent for 'sucking up' to Trump
>> Newt Gingrich Mocks Mitt Romney For "Sucking Up" To Donald Trump


More Laura In The News






Laura Ingraham


Show Tunes



Wishful Thinking: Laura Cantrell


Right and Wrong: Joe Jackson


With or Without You: U2


Workin' For a Livin': Huey Lewis & The News


More Show Tunes



Laura's Picks

CD Picks



Love Remains
Hillary Scott and the Scott Family
Purchase this Album
More CD Picks




Must Read



Scare Pollution: Why and How to Fix the EPA
Steve Milloy
Purchase this Book
Other Featured Books











About

About Laura
Charity
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Acknowledgments



Store

Laura 365 Membership
Laura's Books



Laura 365

Podcasting
Show Archives
Show Highlights



Videos

Laura Video Extra
Breaking News



Contact Us

Email Customer Service
Email Laura
Help & Support





Stay Connected






Get Your Daily Fix
 





Copyright © 2002-2017 LauraIngraham.com. All rights reserved.
Powered by Nox Solutions












