












Sign in
Plans
Partnerships







 Curated Top Stories in Tech
Need-to-know news in less than 10 minutes a day





Sign up for free













FriendsGoing forward, our weekly Top 20 emails, which go out on Saturday morning and recap the 20 most significant items of the week, will be reserved for our paid subscribers. Please consider joining the 1,000-plus readers who chose to support the Ticker with a $10-per-month subscription. Click here to subscribe now




0 comment 
                

































Twice a day emails

One email goes out at 9 a.m. PT, and the other at 5 p.m. PT, keeping you fully informed


300 characters or less
All news stories are summarized into fact-packaged news bites under 300 characters


Need-to-know tech news
We curate the top stories of the day from every tech news source, saving you hours each day









"I created the Ticker to get back an hour of my life a day--and it worked!"
                            


- @jason, Jason Calacanis




"The Ticker has become my most useful industry news source - in minutes, everything I need to know that day in tech."
                            


- @skydayton, Sky Dayton




"The Ticker covers everything in tech, VC, and the daily emails are really well done!"
                            


- @westcoastbill, Bill Lee




"The best digest + commentary I've found in a single email."  
                            


- @semil, Semil Shah




"Excellent research. Saves me hours of time."
                            


- @jtriest, Jonathon Triest




"I can sleep at night knowing I didn't miss anything thanks to the LAUNCH Ticker" 
                            


- @tomloverro, Tom Loverro




"I read Ticker every morning. It's extremely useful and saves me tons of time getting the most important tech news." 
                            


- @samteller, Sam Teller




"My favorite email content of the day!" 
                            


- @davidcohen, David Cohen




"Provides me with a great snapshot of what's going on in the world of tech." 
                            


- @kerby, Richard Kerby















© 2015 LAUNCH Media, Inc. All rights reserved.

Follow @launchticker
                    




About | Contact






Welcome to the LAUNCH Ticker
Email

This will be the email address for receiving the Ticker emails.
Sign up







Welcome to the LAUNCH Ticker

sign in with twitter
Need help? Contact us!








