




#Cyber.SC

Get your InfoSec Tips for Today



The Cyber Security Advisor for Your Startup

CyberSC is your personal IT security advisor. We provide an affordable way to keep your company secure and compliant. We help you prioritize Cyber Security efforts, which means more time you can devote to scaling your business.


Speak with a Security Advisor Today
Take control now of your business with tangible cyber security measures.  


Be proactive about security without the overhead of full-time staff. 




Take Action and Save Time. Stay Protected.



★ Security Goals for the Month
An itemized list with this month's security priorities. We walk you through how to complete each task, as well as the expected time to complete each deliverable.

★ Threat LandscapeGives you an overview of the current landscape in the security world, and things you need to be aware of. 


★ Cyber 101 & Cyber 202Start with the complete basics, or jump right in to advanced security tips.★ CISO-as-a-Service
Contract out your corporate security duties, such as completing security questionnaires, security assessments, and security strategy roadmapping. 


Every month we email you a digest of prioritized tasks to help keep your startup secure. 
>> Get the current #INFOSEC Digest

What others are saying


★★★★★ 
"As a startup that just launched, I was struggling to determine how to tackle security, but CyberSC is exactly what we needed!"


★★★★★ 
"If our business were to suffer a data breach, it would mean the end of our company. I've been looking for a way to keep our CTO up to date on security goals without drowning in time spent on research. Cyber.SC keeps us focused. "




Who uses Cyber.SC?

Any sized company that need to kickstart a cyber security program. We work with startups, small firms, and multi-national corporations.
Speak with a Security Advisor Today
Take control of IT Security now.  Project based or long-term contract engagements are both available. 

Cyber.SC is an inexpensive way to stay on top of your business security.We incorporate actionable tasks that immediately improve cyber and data security. 




Tweet

Follow @CyberDotSC

Questions? Contact Us
© 2016 Cyber.SC








