







 
















Home
Products

ZENEDGE Bot Manager
ZENEDGE for Web Apps
ZENEDGE for Networks
ZENEDGE Express
ZENEDGE AI
ZENEDGE HCx

Solutions

Bot Management
Web Application Firewall
DDoS Mitigation
Network DDoS Protection
WAF for AWS
DDoS for AWS

Industries

eCommerce
Gaming
Energy
Finance
Government
Technology
Healthcare

Partners

Value Added Resellers
Hosting and Internet Service Providers
Managed Security Service Providers
Resellers

News & Events

News
Events

Blog


     Contact Sales
    






























Smart Cybersecurity.
Machine Learning Artifical Intelligence Engine

Bot Management • Web Application Firewall • DDoS Protection

Cloud-based • 24x7 Managed by Experts • Level 1 PCI v3.1 Certified
No installation • No hardware • No commitment 
Watch the video    




































Cybersecurity simplified.Keep your existing infrastructure.  Setup takes minutes.


















ZENEDGE offers total security for your Web applications and networks, identifying threat actors and stopping malicious traffic from reaching your servers.
Malicious traffic coming from hackers is stopped at ZENEDGE servers, never reaching your security perimeter. Ongoing monitoring and regular security updates protect against new vulnerabilities.
Learn More › Contact Sales›











































Real Control.Real time access and complete control.








No more managing your security with multiple vendors and hard-to-use dashboards.  Our Control Center allows you to manage all aspects of your web application security postures and rules in one all-encompassing user interface.
With the ZENEDGE Control Center, you can create and manage your web application firewall (WAF) rules for OWASP Top 10 threats including XSS and SQL Injection, use rule templates for PCI compliance and other postures with ease, setup your caching preferences to ensure your visitors are not impacted by any latency, monitor traffic in real time and take decisive action against threats and vulnerabilities.
Learn More ›Contact Sales›



































Managed Service.Your cybersecurity managed by our cybersecurity experts.








We've got your cybersecurity covered. 24x7 monitoring and protection from attacks from our globally distributed Security Operations Centers, manned by the industry's top cybersecurity experts.  
With over 200 years of collective experience, we're the perfect extension of your IT security team.  
 
Learn More ›Contact US›











































Cybersecurity Done Right.Each web instance defines its own unique rule-set and security posture, providing a truly customizable solution.






















Cloud-based Web Application Firewall.
















Artificial Intelligence Engine
















Globally Distributed Cloud Infrastructure.
















Simplified Cybersecurity Management.


















Accessible Documentation and APIs.
















24x7 Monitoring and Support.
















Easy Deployment and Setup.
















Free Trial. No Commitment.














Learn more about ZENEDGE Solutions ›





























Don't just take our word for it.As seen in...





























































When it comes to cybersecurity, we really wanted to partner with a vendor that has the best technology implementation, a strong vision for the future and unparalleled service.  We found all of these with ZENEDGE.  Their commitment to our eCommerce customers' success is unparalleled.
Alex KnightTenzing Inc.





See the industries we serve »





























86% of web sites have major security vulnerabilities.
Is yours one of them?
Battle Test Your Web Site. For FREE. ›
 
























































Company










Careers
Press
Contact Us
Investors












Solutions










Overview
Web Application Firewall
DDoS Protection
Network Protection












Under attack










Emergency Onboarding












Subscribe to Email Updates









































© 2017 ZENEDGE














Privacy











































