










About | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Tip Us | Join Microsoft BizSpark

 













Home

Microsoft

Windows
Mobile
Office
Xbox One


Apple


 iPhone

iPhone Activity Center
iPhone Apps
iPhone Themes



 iPad

iPad Activity Center
iPad Apps



 Mac OS X

 Apple Watch


Google

Google Services
Android



Reviews
Wearables
Web
IoT

Home Automation


Developer Tools

Deals

More

Apps

Sprink
Turn Off LCD
Drive Icon Changer


About Us
Advertise

















RPon




Tool To Auto-Sign iOS 10.2 Jailbreak And Other Apps Certificate On The Horizon
By Paul Morris | February 9th, 2017  









It seems that the modern world of semi-untether jailbreaks is about to get a fair bit simpler thanks to an auto-signing solution that would eliminate the need for jailbreakers to manually re-sign apps such as the yalu102 jailbreak app with a new certificate every seven days or so, therefore removing one of the biggest pain points of these modern jailbreaks.
A post by Jay Freeman Saurik had earlier confirmed that a solution to solve this problem has been in the works for quite some time, but that it has encountered a number of errors in the way it has been built.

Now, with some assistance on board – who Saurik refuses to name at this point in time – it looks as though the auto-signing solution has been recreated, allowing Freeman to confidently suggest that anyone signing the jailbreak app today using Cydia Impactor could be doing it for the last time:




Correct. I’m also now getting help on this (I’m not going to say who, to protect them from an onslaught of attention on this topic; they might say themselves, but I’ll wait until that happens; but we’ve rearchitected my concept to rely more on simple implementation and less on my crazy indirection), and so it feels even more comfortable saying something like “if you install the app today by signing it with Impactor, it will likely be your last time.”
Following Freeman’s announcement, Luca Todesco has confirmed his belief that a “solution for the 7 day cert is seemingly in the works”, and has requested that jailbreakers “bear with Cydia Impactor for another week or so.” Maybe Todesco is probably the one helping Freeman develop this solution?

It’s definitely great news for those avid and hardcore jailbreak fans who make sure they stay on a firmware that can be jailbroken, but who abhor the fact that they have to continually re-sign the jailbreak app’s certificate manually every seven days or so, depending on the type of developer account they have with Apple, through the use of Cydia Impactor on a desktop computer.
When released, this new auto-signing tool, in whatever form it takes, will hopefully permanently resolve that issue and make the world of semi-untether jailbreaks slightly more pleasant and user-friendly for everyday jailbreakers.
(@qwertyoruiopz [Twitter])
You may also like to check out:

Re-Jailbreak iOS 10.2 Yalu102 After Reboot, Here’s How
How To Jailbreak iOS 10.2 With Yalu102 [Tutorial]
Jailbreak iOS 10 / 10.2 / 10.1.1 On iPhone 7, Plus, 6s, iPad Pro Using Yalu [Updated]
Jailbreak iOS 10.2.1 / 10.3 For iPhone And iPad [Latest Status Update]

You can follow us on Twitter, add us to your circle on Google+ or like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft, Google, Apple and the Web.






Related Stories






Tweet

 Subscribe to our RSS Feed !





Like this post on Facebook







Redmond Pie Channels


Follow Us On Facebook


Subscribe To RSS Feed


Follow Us On Twitter


Subscribe On YouTube











Justin Case



Immortal 1.2.1-1 does the same






Simon says



Only works whilst you are in a jailbroken state






Brenton



So would this allow a downgrade from iOS 10.2.1?






Pureburn



On a story about jailbreaks and 10.2, why is the logo Jailbreak over an iPhone 7 which cannot be jailbroken?






Stephen Hedger



the iphone 7 can be jailbroken…






Pureburn



Not on iOS 10.2, which is the subject of this article.






Stephen Hedger



i thought you meant cant be jailbroken “at all” but yeah your right, its laziness on thier part for showing a 7 in the main headline.






ggbf



Any idea when this is coming out?









Subscribe To Redmond Pie



















 







Follow @RedmondPie










Popular Stories






















Redmond Pie's Latest
 
 

Recent Stories



 Install WhatsApp On iPad Running iOS 10 Without Jailbreak [Tutorial]February 19th, 2017 | Paul Morris  
iOS 10 / 10.2 / 10.1.1 Compatible Jailbreak Tweaks On Cydia [List]February 19th, 2017 | Paul Morris  
Pokemon Go Gen 2 Tip: Evolve Eevee Into Espeon And Umbreon, Here’s HowFebruary 18th, 2017 | Oliver Haslam  
PickPocket 2 For iOS 10 Adds Several More Anti-Theft Features To iPhoneFebruary 18th, 2017 | Oliver Haslam  
Leaked Photos Show Stealth Case Apple Uses To Transport iPhone PrototypesFebruary 18th, 2017 | Oliver Haslam  



























Copyright © 2008-2017 Redmond Pie. All Rights Reserved.
About | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Tip Us




























