
























Tech Insider























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








'Paranoid Republicans' are reportedly using an app that auto-deletes messages over hacking fears












Rob Price












Feb.  9, 2017, 11:57 AM



1,140




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 











Republicans
  don't want to end up like John Podesta.
Win McNamee/Getty Images




  In 2016, the emails of Democratic Party officials were hacked and
  leaked to Wikileaks — an incident that defined the US
  presidential election and helped Donald Trump achieve his shock
  victory over establishment favourite Hillary Clinton.


  Republicans are now determined not to let the same happen to
  them.


  Axios' Jonathan Swan and David McAbe are reporting that some
  members of Trump's administration and other senior Republican
  officials have taken up using Confide, a secrecy-focused
  messaging app backed by Google.


  These days, plenty of apps — from iMessage to WhatsApp — offer
  end-to-end encryption to help protect users' data from prying
  eyes. But Confide takes it a step further by deleting messages
  once they have been read, Snapchat-style, and makes it difficult
  to even screenshot them.


  Confide cofounder Jon Brod told Business Insider he was "pleased"
  to hear the report. "We're very pleased to hear that government
  figures may be using Confide, and we think it makes perfect
  sense. Confide is particularly useful for people who communicate
  sensitive information as a matter of course," he said in an
  email. 'These people could include executive teams, boards of
  directors, lawyers, deal makers, journalists, HR professionals,
  management consultants, celebrities, high net worth individuals
  and more. Government figures certainly fit nicely into this
  category."


  Axios reports that Republicans have started using the app as a
  result of the damaging hack of Democratic Party emails. "For
  folks that are on the inside in this city, it provides some
  cover," one Republican user told the site.




Confide



  Some, however, have been critical of the adoption of Confide by
  government officials, arguing it erodes transparency and means
  records aren't preserved. Anthony
  De Rosa derisively described it on Twitter as the "GOP
  evidence destroying tool of choice," while
  Documentcloud's Ted Han criticised Wikileaks in a sarcastic tweet
  over the news: "Good job Wikileaks. Definitely an agent for
  transformative transparency."


  But Brod shrugged off transparency concerns when asked about
  them, characterizing Confide as "the digital equivalent of a
  face-to-face meeting or phone call."


  He argues that the company is "essentially marrying the privacy
  and security of the spoken word with the convenience of digital
  communication. We started Confide to help professionals and
  business people have more efficient, private and secure
  communication and we certainly hope and expect that's what people
  are using it for."


  The three-year-old business is now used in 180 countries, the
  cofounder said, and it has raised $3.4 million in outside funding
  from Google Ventures (now called GV), First Round Capital, Jeremy
  Stoppelman, and others.


  Of course, Confide isn't the only app that is enjoying a boost
  from political paranoia. After the DNC hack, party staffers were
  told to use Signal — an encrypted messaging app that comes with
  Edward Snowden's seal of approval — 
  according to a report from Vanity Fair in August 2016.



NOW WATCH: This college student racked up $300,000 worth of frequent flyer miles by legally hacking United Airlines







Loading video...








            More:

                                                        Hacking
Security
GOP
Confide
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























'Paranoid Republicans' are reportedly using an app that auto-deletes messages over hacking fears
'Paranoid Republicans' are reportedly using an app that auto-deletes messages over hacking fears

In 2016, the emails of Democratic Party...



















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job


More "Idea Factory" » 






We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines


More "BI Innovations" » 




 





Tech Insider Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSIDINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 










































