
















AdvoCare Distributor

        Kyle Kruszewski

        Girard, PA





Home


Shop


Contact Distributor


Get Started!


Log In









The Company »


The Products »


The Opportunity »











		Kyle Kruszewski
	

Hello! My name is Kyle Kruszewski, I am newly engaged to the lovely lady, Jenna, found in my profile picture. I am a recent graduate of a local college.  Through the help of great professors, I was able to receive an outstanding education and receive a Bachelor's degree in Accounting.  I have been affiliated with Advocare to be a distributor since June of 2015.  After years of trying numerous different great products from the company, I began to realize the opportunities that are presented to me through Advocare.  Now, I would love nothing more than to share the great products and opportunities that Advocare presents with YOU. Since 1993, AdvoCare has been a world-class nutrition company specializing in health and wellness, weight management, vibrant energy and sports performance. Navigate through this site to learn more about our cutting-edge nutritional supplements and skincare as well as the opportunity to earn a full time income with a part time commitment by sharing AdvoCare products with others. Our products are formulated by an elite Scientific and Medical Advisory Board with over 200 years combined experience in pharmacology, toxicology, nutrition, sports performance and pediatrics. We have a multitude of product endorsers that includes professional athletes, champion amateur athletes, and acclaimed entertainers. Thanks for stopping by!
	






Personal testimonials are written by each Independent Distributor, reflect his or her individual experiences and are not necessarily typical of the results you may obtain. Product results vary with individual effort, consistency of use, body composition, eating patterns and exercise. If you have a medical condition or are pregnant or nursing, AdvoCare recommends you consult your healthcare professional before starting an AdvoCare product regimen. Earnings depend on a number of factors, including your individual effort and the area in which you live. Total earnings may include earnings from the start of the Distributorship to the date this information was published and do not include earnings from retail sales. 
For average earnings and other performance-related data, see the Income Disclosure Statement. 



















    © AdvoCare International, L.P.
    Legal |
    DSA |
    CRN |
    Contact Us |
    Mobile |
    Home




















