






Welcome
Why Real Random™?
Our Technology
News
Team
Contact










show live cyberattack map






Why Real Random™?
At Real Random we aim to make the internet a safer place to roam. We believe that consumers are entitled to a safe digital environment, free from the constant threat of being compromised. We don’t want you to worry about making a purchase online, in person at a retailer, or submitting personally identifiable information on a website.
We are challenging the status quo for cyber security products by innovating at the core of all security software, the “seeds” or entropy of encryption. In today’s world, the use of algorithms is an acceptable and expected method for creating secure encrypted files. While algorithms are extremely useful, the entropy used to generate the algorithms are pre-determined and therefore can be predicted. This is the heart of the password and data breach epidemic we face today.
Real Random has a solution. We have created a method of generating entropy based on a physical process that is impossible to predict, replicate or compromise.
If you are truly committed to providing a secure method of communication for any internet connected device, Real Random needs to be in your stack!




Our Technology


Cryptonite app coming soon!



Our Genesis









Hardware
We use physical media to generate randomness, which is can be verified with the human eye



Software









Testing









Secure Containers
Not enough entropy to support /dev/random in docker containers running in boot2docker






News

Tweets by realrandomrolls 







Our Team
Doug Hill
Co-Founder, Entrepreneur








Theo Fleck
Co-Founder, Computer Engineer








Mike Hawley
Co-Founder, Mechanical Engineer








Henry Tumblin
Co-Founder, Technologist








Ron Porter
Director of Global Business Development








Zack Nichols
Software Developer








Get in touch
Got questions? We have answers!





Name



Email



Message



Send Message






Address
Suite 605
606 Bald Eagle Drive
Marco Island, FL 34145


Email
info@realrandom.co


Social

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn











© 2017 Real Random, LLC. All rights reserved.
Norse Attack Map © Norse Corporation
HTML5 UP Hyperspace Template














