














Our Solutions

By Business Size
By Business Challenge
By Sector


IT Services

Outsourced IT

Managed Services
Service Desk
Infrastructure Management
Online Backup
Business Continuity
Email Archive and Compliance
Mobile Device Management
Managed WiFi


IT Performance

Network Health Check
Systems Monitoring
Cyber Security
Email Security
Web Content Filtering
High Availability


IT Projects

Project Delivery
Virtual IT Director
Procurement
IT Roadmap
Strategic Consultancy


Cloud

Cloud Adoption Strategy
Cloud Migration
Public Cloud
Private Cloud
Hybrid Cloud
Microsoft Office 365
Workspace as a Service


Connectivity

Leased Line
P2P/MPLS
EFM
FTTC
Broadband




Cloud

Cloud Adoption Strategy
Cloud Migration
Public Cloud
Private Cloud
Hybrid Cloud
Microsoft Office 365
Business Continuity
Workspace as a Service


Blog
About Us

Our Vision
Meet The Team
Customer Care Policy
Corporate Social Responsibility
Career
Business Intelligence
Business Terms


Client Portal
Support
Contact Us
 


Select Page


  
 



 



 












OUTSOURCED IT SERVICES
Delivering complete IT solutions to customers
throughout Greater London
LEARN MORE

 

 
 





ARE YOU THE WEAKEST LINK?
Test your knowledge and see how much you know about cybersecurity
Hopefully, we won’t be telling you, “Goodbye!”
TAKE THE QUIZ

 

 
 
 
 
 





How we can help
With a comprehensive portfolio of managed cloud and on-premise services, and a team of talented IT professionals, Urban Network can deliver a complete IT solution to your business.
 
 
 





Cyber Security
Ensure that systems are secure, and your business complies with accredited standards.

 
 



IT Support
Proactive support with 24/7 monitoring & alerting for a low fixed monthly fee

 
 
 




Office 365
Boost your productivity. Working from anywhere while staying secure with Office Suite

 
 



Business Continuity
Ensuring your business is up and running swiftly, with minimal impact on business.

 
 
 
 
 










 
 
 




How we perform
Exceptional service is guaranteed, nothing left to chance!
 
 
 

 


Standard SLA Hit

95%


Critical SLA Hit

98%


Overall SLA Hit

97%


Customer Satisfaction

99%


 
 
 
 
 






Urban Network (London)
Met Wharf Building
70 Wapping Wall
London E1W 3SS

 
 



020 7749 6899

 
 

l

Hello@urbannetwork.co.uk

 
 
 




Urban Network (Essex)
Merrymeade House
Brentwood
Essex CM15 9BG

 
 



01277 283340

 
 

}

Monday to Friday, 8am-7pm

 
 
 

We’d love to hear from you

Name*Email*

What can we help you with?*

 










 
 
 
 





Urban Network London


Metropolitan Wharf
70 Wapping Wall
London E1W 3SS



Urban Network Essex


Merrymeade House
Brentwood
Essex CM15 9BG




 
 
 



Proud to be partnered with global IT leaders
Long standing partnerships with leading technology leaders mean we can deliver the very best solutions to you









 2015-02-06T16:16:46+00:00        https://www.urbannetwork.co.uk/testimonials/975/ 








 2015-02-06T16:17:41+00:00        https://www.urbannetwork.co.uk/testimonials/977/ 








 2015-02-06T16:20:34+00:00        https://www.urbannetwork.co.uk/testimonials/979/ 








 2015-02-06T16:21:47+00:00        https://www.urbannetwork.co.uk/testimonials/981/ 








 2015-02-06T16:36:41+00:00        https://www.urbannetwork.co.uk/testimonials/988/ 








 2015-02-06T16:23:37+00:00        https://www.urbannetwork.co.uk/testimonials/985/ 








 2016-04-27T17:58:31+00:00        https://www.urbannetwork.co.uk/testimonials/11073/ 


  

 
 
 
 






Don't take our word for it...

 
 
 
 









Having recently moved our team to London and being relatively tech ignorant I couldn't be happier with the support received from Urban Network. Their tech guys have been great in getting us set up in our new offices, the helpdesk support is 100% responsive. Would recommend them without any reservation!
Kaye Bettney

 

 
 






We have been working with Urban Network for 2 years, having opened an additional office. They did a fresh install in the new office and have been upgrading the existing office.  Excellent service at all times, highly recommended
Jonathan Weeks

 

 
 






Great customer service, knowledgeable and nothing a problem. Very professional in their approach to dealing with any issues. All the team are very helpful. No complaints in the 15 years I have used them.
Chris Bishop

 

 
 






We have always found Urban Network to be very helpful and everybody who works on our account is friendly, professional and efficient.
Martin Scaman

 

 
 






We have known Urban Network for ten years and are still with them. That says it all. They provide a great customer service with friendly people.
Giles Brady

 

 
 






An outstanding service provider who simply do what they say they will do and get it done on budget and on time. No fuss, no complexity and no excuses.
Bryan Lloyd

 

 
 






Quick response times and great overall customer service.
Jason Obrien

 

 
 
 
 
 








Started working with Urban Network about 5 years ago and have found the level of service and technical knowledge second to none. The company has a personal feel to it rather than being just another client which is welcoming. Would highly recommend to any body considering switching their current provider or looking for a new service.
Sunny Mudhar

 

 
 






I have worked with Urban Network now for 10 years through my role as Operations Director for Jackson-Stops & Staff. In the crowded and confusing marketplace of IT service providers, they stand out without question for their delivery, efficiency and most importantly their clarity of rationale when delivering solutions across multi sites. I would recommend them without hesitation.
David Parris

 

 
 






Friendly and knowledgeable staff, always keen to help out and go that extra for clients. Professional in their approach in helping find and implement the best solutions.
Arun Patel

 

 
 






We have used Urban Network for a number of years. They have always been helpful and efficient dealing problems straight away - highly recommended
Alison Petrou

 

 
 






Urban Network is a professional IT company with wonderful technical personnel, they have been providing service to us for the past 8 years and their response time is very prompt.
Ejus Arubi

 

 
 






Urban Network has been a great help to Mirae Asset UK office for a long time. Thanks for your proactive support all the time.
Jake Kim

 

 
 






Professional, no fuss. Were there when they said they would be, no surprise.
Jane Wilkinson

 

 
 
 
 
 








Very happy with our move to Urban Network. Everyone working with us is very knowledgeable, proactive and helpful, as well as being friendly and polite. After thorough explanation, the well thought out approach to our systems has seen considerable improvement already with minimal disruption to implement. Their response time is excellent. I would certainly recommend them.
Justin Murray

 

 
 






Urban Network have been absolutely essential to my working day. Any problems I have encountered, they have been swift to address. Can't tell you how many times they have saved the day. Professional and friendly people who don't treat me like a complete idiot. I highly recommend this company.
Sue Westbrook

 

 
 






Urban Network are the most helpful IT company in London! Nothing is ever too much trouble and they always go above and beyond! I would highly recommend them to anyone outsourcing their IT support.
Law Clark

 

 
 






Incredibly professional IT support company. Both knowledgeable and super efficient in their service to us. I highly recommend them.
Richard Woolgar

 

 
 






Each and every time I call, the service is always prompt, friendly, and efficient. Absolutely delighted!!
Alan Knights

 

 
 






We have always found Urban Network to be very helpful and everybody who works on our account is friendly, professional and efficient.
Martin Scaman

 

 
 






Good response and resolution. Handled in a most professional manner.
Katie Etheridge

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




LinkedIn   Twitter     Google     Facebook  Youtube
© Urban Network 2015. All rights reserved
 

 
 
 

























3





























Our website uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies That's fine




