



 






Recon Secure Computing
"Knowledge is Power and Understanding is Empowerment"















Login Form












 Remember me
                      

Login




 







Go!




 

 
 





Toggle navigation



              Recon
              Secure Computing

 







RSC

RSC Home
CyberWar Shield
Cyber Awareness Training
Incident Response



Services

Vulnerability Scanning & Assessments
Secure App Review/Development
Information Security Policy
Forensics


Tohara Project
Contact Us





















                    Cyberwar Shield
                  

                    CWS does everything cyber...except make the coffee.
                  


More than Network Monitoring
                    

Cyber Management from Perimeter to Data
                    

Real-Time Incident Response, Brewed in...
                    

Single Pane Dashboard
                    



















                    Cyber Awareness Training
                  

                    Engaging Video Training for Cyber Awareness
                  


Up-to-date on current Cyber events
                    

Customizable Video Catalogs and Quizzes
                    

Increase Regulatory Compliance
                    

Establish Employee Baselines
                    



















                    Secure Application Development
                  

                    Integrating Security from Start to Finish...
                  


User Identity Protocols
                    

Storage, Memory, and Network Encryption
                    

Proven and Teachable Methodologies
                    

Application Testing & Review
                    





















 








CyberWar Shield

            More than just Monitoring and Analysis; it’s about using Real-Time Actions when Detecting Cyber Security Events.
          







Cyber Awareness

            Increase your Employees Cyber Awareness skills with a customizable, video based learning path that fits your corporate
            culture.
          





Incident Response

            Informative and in-depth Incident Response system that is tuned to your regulatory compliance
            and reporting requirements.
          







Secure Application Development

            From Conception to Development to Encryption; RSC will Engineer your next State-Of-The-Art, Cyber-Secure Application.
          










Cyber Security for all Devices

            CWS enables users to Define, Detect, and Deny Hackers access to Computing Devices through Active
            Management between your Data and the Perimeter, including the Endpoints; Mere Endpoint Security
            is no longer enough!
          

CWS furnishes the capability to define, detect, and deny the goal of all
            Hackers; Access to your Computing Devices!
          


































      Partner with RSC and protect your organization
    


About us
Bringing Clarity to securing Computing Devices and Networks within the Business and Home Environments.

          The Risk to Personal Information, Sensitive Corporate Data, and Reputation continues to grow as Technology
          advances towards an increasingly connected World. Individuals and Businesses need to be more aware of the
          types of Risks they may be facing; and more importantly, how to successfully overcome those risks.
        

          RSC is committed to Proactively Defending our Customers against any known or unknown Threats. RSC Develops,
          Designs, and Deploys the best Tools and Procedures in the Cyber Security Industry.
        

          At RSC, we believe that Information Security is more than just another buzzword. Our Mission Statement is,
          “Knowledge is Power, and Understanding is Empowerment.” With our proprietary software/hardware suite of products, we enable our
          customers to understand HOW, WHY, WHEN, WHERE, and WHO is on their networks in real-time.
        


Our Goals

To Lead by Example


          At Recon Secure Computing, we don't just talk about it, we accomplish it.
        

Dignity and Respect


          We realize that dealing with Information Security can be frustrating and maybe a bit
          overwhelming. We treat all people
          that we meet with the dignity and respect that they deserve.
        

To be the Light that God calls us to be


          We believe that God gives people eternal life through his Son, Jesus Christ. He sent his son
          to earth to die and
          rise again to make this possible for us all. John 3:16



Our Mission
Information and Awareness

          Cyber Awareness Training to increase Customer and Employee Awareness of Risks, with the goal
          of reducing risks by promoting safer actions, and avoiding unintended Data Breaches.
        
Tools

          Provide the right Software and Hardware controls to monitor and proactively resist attacks against
          Information Technology resources, data, and personal/corporate reputation.
        
Professional Services

          Professional Consulting Services to ensure that our customers meet and exceed all of their
          Regulatory Compliance Requirements.
        

          Cyber Security Policies and Procedures customized for each individual corporate entity,
          focused on each specific industry’s Regulatory Compliance needs.
        





      Partner with an organization that has over 30 years of experience in all
      levels of CYBER-Security.
    
Our Clients

































Sitemap

RSC Home
CWS
 Awareness
Secure App
Incident
Vulnerability Scan
Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy








 
 
 

© 2016 Recon Secure Computing, inc. All rights reserved.

 
 







Navigation

RSC Home
Cyberwar Shield
Cyber Awareness
Secure App Dev
Incident Response

Social Media




 











