






Login
blog
Support
Contact





What We Do

Marketing
Compliance
Teams
Analytics
Strategy



Industries

Banks
Mortgage
Advisors
Credit Unions


About
DEMO









Features
Industries
About
request a demo
Support
Contact
blog

















Social Media Management & Compliance Solutions
FOR BANKS & FINANCIAL SERVICES



GET A DEMO
                          
                        LEARN MORE









Entrust your financial brand to the only ABA endorsed solution.
Expedite due diligence with the ABA endorsed vendor management process. Gremlin Social Guardian™ is endorsed by the American Bankers Association - through its subsidiary the Corporation for American Banking.
                





                        "Our Council identified a great need for support regarding banks’ social media initiatives – particularly monitoring and compliance. After researching the industry leaders, ABA selected Gremlin Social, who has proven expertise in social media management for banking and financial services."
- Bryan Luke, ABA Endorsed Solutions Banker Advisory Council











                        We make social media for banks easy & compliant
so you don’t get left behind.

HERE'S HOW IT WORKS...







Amplify your message


 Access and post to your social networks all in one place
                                on the Gremlin Social dashboard.
                            

 Schedule your posts at the optimal time and frequency.
                            

 Content Libraries allow you to store and organize
                                approved posts for worry-free team posting.
                            

MORE MARKETING FEATURES
GET A DEMO












Create a team workflow. Speed up the approval process.


 Gremlin's social media compliance software allows account owners to enable team access to social network accounts with ease.
                            

 Easily prevent posts with restricted keywords or phrases.
                            

 Approve content before publishing to corporate and employee social media.
                            

MORE COMPLIANCE FEATURES
GET A DEMO












Build & Educate Online Communities


 Manage Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn in one place.
                            

 Enable employees to post pre-approved messages to personal accounts with the Gremlin Content Library.
                            

 Connect with customers and assign posts from them to the appropriate team member.

                            

GET A DEMO












Strategic Services - Become a Social Media S.T.A.R.
                
Our team of experts specialize in social media best practices and reporting. Gremlin Social media analytics software helps financial institutions measure results and plan at all stages – from beginner to advanced – including Strategy, Training, Analytics, and Reporting (STAR).  
More About Strategic Services  

 




                But don’t take our word for it.
Here’s what our customers are saying...






                        "We are held accountable for any post that is made according to the FFIEC. With Gremlin Social, our posts go through approval, filtration, are archived and can be retrieved for auditing purposes"
                    


                        - Mike Cruz, Digital Marketing Director
                        
TheBANK OF EDWARDSVILLE






                        "Gremlin Social has allowed us to have peace of mind that we are being compliant on all our social sites. It has allowed an easy and seamless way to post while including our compliance team in the work flow. It also has given us a way to have 4 Mortgage Lenders present on social as well, which has been wonderful."
                    


                        - Heather Koltermann, Senior Marketing Representative
                        
First Bank Financial Centre






                        "Gremlin makes social media easy, even for a novice. The Gremlin tools allow you to do what you need in just 15 minutes a week. Easily and compliantly."
                    


                        - Sean Brennan
                        
FORMERLY OF PULASKI BANK, CURRENTLY WITH USA MORTGAGE 







Awards & Recognition






Business Journal


                        St. Louis Business Journal 2015 Innovation Award
                    




Leaders in Tech

                        2015 Small Business Monthly Leaders in Technology Award
                    




PC World

                        One of the "5 Top Twitter Applications for Business Users"
                    




SHORTY AWARDS

                        Best Social Media App Finalist
                    




CIO magazine

                        Member of the "Best Apps to Manage a Company [Twitter] Account"
                    




Innovators Cup

                        1st place in "Most Viral" "Most Innovative"
                    










FEATURES

Marketing
Compliance
Analytics
Team Workflow
Strategic Services



RESOURCES

Request a Demo
Support
Help Desk
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms



SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER







CONNECT







                Copyright © 2016, Gremln, INC. All Rights Reserved.
            





