


Skip to main content










En Espanol

en Español



Stay Connected with Justice:

Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Email
 




Search form

Search 




 


Main menu

Home
AboutThe Attorney General
Budget & Performance
Strategic Plans
History

Agencies
BusinessBusiness Opportunities
Small & Disadvantaged Business
Grants

ResourcesForms
Publications
Case Highlights
Legislative Histories
Information for Victims in Large Cases

NewsJustice News
Justice Blogs
Public Schedule
Videos
Photo Gallery

CareersLegal Careers
Interns, Recent Graduates, and Fellows
Veteran Recruitment

Contact










You are hereHome » Office of Public Affairs » News 


Justice News




Share


Facebook


Twitter


Google+


LinkedIn


Digg


Reddit


StumbleUpon


Pinterest







 


Department of Justice
Office of Public Affairs



FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Friday, October 21, 2016 
Yevgeniy Nikulin Indicted for Hacking LinkedIn, Dropbox and Formspring
A federal grand jury in Oakland, California, indicted Yevgeniy Aleksandrovich Nikulin 29, of Moscow, Russia, yesterday for obtaining information from computers, causing damage to computers, trafficking in access devices, aggravated identity theft and conspiracy, announced U.S. Attorney Brian J. Stretch for the Northern District of California and Special Agent in Charge John F. Bennett of the FBI.
The indictment, unsealed today, alleges that Nikulin, accessed computers belonging to LinkedIn, Dropbox and Formspring, each of which has its headquarters in the San Francisco Bay Area.  The indictment further alleges that the defendant accessed the computers without authorization and that he obtained information from the computers.  According to the indictment, the defendant also caused damage to computers belonging to a LinkedIn employee and to Formspring by transmitting a program, information, code, or command.  Nikulin also is alleged to have used the credentials of LinkedIn and Formspring employees in connection with the computer intrusions.  Further, Nikulin is alleged to have engaged in a conspiracy with unnamed co-conspirators to traffic stolen Formspring user credentials.  In all, Nikulin is charged with three counts of computer intrusion; two counts of intentional transmission of information, code, or command causing damage to a protected computer; two counts of aggravated identity theft; one count of trafficking in unauthorized access devices; and one count of conspiracy.
Nikulin was arrested on Oct. 5 by officials in the Czech Republic pursuant to an Interpol Red Notice based on a warrant issued in connection with a criminal complaint. He remains in custody in Prague, Czech Republic.
An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and all defendants are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.  
Assistant U.S. Attorney Michelle J. Kane, who is prosecuting the case, with the assistance of Melissa Dorton and Elise Etter.  The prosecution is the result of an investigation by the FBI with the assistance of authorities in the Czech Republic and the U.S. Department of Justice’s Criminal Division, Office of International Affairs.
USAO - California, Northern Download Nikulin Indictment 
Updated October 21, 2016



















Report a Crime 

Get a Job 

Locate a Prison, Inmate, or Sex Offender 

Apply for a Grant 

Submit a Complaint 

Report Waste, Fraud, Abuse or Misconduct to the Inspector General 

Find Sales of Seized Property 



Find Help and Information for Crime Victims 

Register, Apply for Permits, or Request Records 

Identify Our Most Wanted Fugitives 

Find a Form 

Report and Identify Missing Persons 

Contact Us 

















 












JUSTICE.GOV
Left ColumnArchive
Accessibility
Adobe Reader
FOIA
No FEAR Act
Information Quality
Privacy Policy
Legal Policies & Disclaimers

Right ColumnSocial Media
For Employees
Office of the Inspector General
Government Resources
Open Government
Plain Writing
USA.gov
BusinessUSA




 | 950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20530-0001



Footer Menu
Left ColumnABOUTThe Attorney General
Budget & Performance
Strategic Plans
History

AGENCIES
BUSINESSBusiness Opportunities
Small & Disadvantaged Business
Grants


Middle ColumnRESOURCESForms
Publications
Case Highlights
Legislative Histories
Information for Victims in Large Cases

NEWSJustice News
Justice Blogs
Public Schedule
Videos
Photo Gallery


Right ColumnCAREERSLegal Careers
Interns, Recent Graduates, and Fellows

CONTACT










