









Our President, Hillary Clinton Reemerges From Her Stolen Election Celebrating Oscar de La Renta’s Dominican Republic Immigrant Roots – A Pointed Jab At Donald Trump’s Failed Immigration Policy
Posted in United States with tags 2016 Election, Celebrating Oscar's de La Renta, Dominican Immigrant Roots, Hillary Clinton Reemerges, Hillary Still Stands Tall, Investigations Ongoing, Oscar de La Renta, Our President Hillary Clinton, Ovations From Thousands NYC, Republicans Fraud, russia, STOLEN ELECTION, Treason, Treasonous Trump on February 18, 2017 by sheriffali


“Legal Matters are often difficult for the Legal-Minds and far too difficult for the Non-Legal-Minds, but as difficult and impossible as it may seem, Donald Trump and his Campaign involvement with Russia that now extends beyond the Presidency and into the Congressional Races, will bring down this administration. Sooner rather than later, the verdict will be – “Treason for Trump and all others involved” and vindication for Hillary Clinton that may lead to her own Presidency.
 
This is not just wild optimism, this I deemed to be “Pessimistically Optimistic,” from a Constitutional Legal Standpoint. Keep The Faith!” Sheriff Ali 
 
“She may have been the loser but Hillary Clinton is still getting the ovations, especially in her town, New York.
 
After a devastating loss, Clinton is recovering her New York State of mind with the help of the Big Apple’s fashion, entertainment and theater crowds, who always supported her and now have embraced her back into the fold.
 
It turns out that many New Yorkers — loud, opinionated, even obnoxious on occasion — have a soft spot for the ex-first lady, ex-senator, ex-secretary of state, ex-Democratic presidential nominee who has become one of them, even more so than native-born Donald Trump. He couldn’t even win his childhood district in Queens (she got 85% of the vote; he got less than 14%). [USATODAY http://usat.ly/2m4LI0j]}
 
“U.S. Allies Conduct Intelligence Operation Against Trump Staff and Associates, Intercepted Communications
 
As part of intelligence operations being conducted against the United States for the last seven months, at least one Western European ally intercepted a series of communications before the inauguration between advisers associated with President Donald Trump and Russian government officials, according to people with direct knowledge of the situation.
http://www.newsweek.com/allies-intercept-russia-trump-adviser-communications-557283 [NEWSWEEK]”
 
Legal Matters are often difficult for the Legal-Minds and far too difficult for the Non-Legal-Minds, but as difficult and impossible as it may seem, Donald Trump and his Campaign involvement with Russia that now extends beyond the Presidency and into the Congressional Races, will bring down this administration. Sooner rather than later, the verdict will be – “Treason for Trump and all others involved” and vindication for Hillary Clinton that may lead to her own Presidency.
 
This is not just wild optimism, this I deemed to be “Pessimistically Optimistic,” from a Constitutional Legal Standpoint. Keep The Faith! 
 
Twitter @sheriffali
 

  





It Is Sane To Understand Why Donald Trump Is Taking It In The ASS From Vladimir Putin, But Why Are The Republicans Providing The Vaseline That Is Discrediting America?
Posted in United States with tags America, Crooked Trump, Democracy, GOP House, GOP Senate, GOP Trump Sellling America, In The Ass, Putin Putting Into Trump, Republicans, Resistance, russia, Treason, Treasonous Acts, Trump Taking It, US SUPREME COURT, Vaseline, Vladimir Putin on February 16, 2017 by sheriffali


Donald Trump, Dishonest, Despicable, Deplorable, Dishonorable, Despot, willingly allowed himself and people like Michael Flynn and others to engage in Treasonous Acts and now as the “Shoe Drops” the Rattle Snakes are beginning to commit suicide, but Republicans are enabling Dictator Putin to crush America’s Credibility and Democracy and the reason may be that they, The Republicans, [No All] are also part of the 2016 Treasonous, Fraudulent Conspiracy that Elected Corrupted Donald Trump to the Presidency.
 
It has always been vividly clear that Republicans are Patriots totally void of Patriotism and Christians totally void of Christ, but one really has to ponder how does The President of the United States, Donald Trump and the Republican Controlled House and Senate, betray their Country in the name of AVARICE?
 
With Republicans controlling The White House, Congress, Department of Justice, 32 Governorships, The FBI James Comey, how is it possible to prosecute these serious crimes which includes Treason?
 
We can only hope that the right Wing Judiciary at the US Supreme Court will choose to defend the Constitution and not the Party that Nominated and Confirmed them to the Highest Court in the Land, the last Bastion of protection for America and the American people.
 
Apart from that HOPE we must keep up the Resistance and never give up hope that “The American Government Is By The People And For The People.”
 
Twitter @sheriffali
 



 





When The Time Comes Does Trump Have The Nerve To Blow His Brains Out Like Hitler, Or Whine Like His Tweets And Cry During His Treason Trial? Donald Reckoning Is Imminent!
Posted in United States with tags April 30 1945 Hitler Blew Out His Brain, Bigot, Crook, Does Donald Have The Nerve, Fascist, First Political Suicide, General Michael Flynn, Groper, is Coming For Trump, Liar, Racist, Reckoning is Coming Trump, Swindler, Treason And Election Fraud, Trump Is A Coward, Would Trump Whine Like His Tweets on February 14, 2017 by sheriffali


Donald Trump, Most Government Workers Including The US Military Are Honest Hard Working Patriots, Not Everyone Is Like Traitor James Comey And The Likes. Your Day Of Reckoning Is Coming Sooner Rather Than Later!
 
Trump, You Will Be Exposed For Your Treasonous Acts And Election Fraud. Question Is; “Would You Face The Music Or Take Hitler’s Route And Blow Out Your Brains? Think Carefully For It Is Treason Trial Or Hitler’s Way!
 
 
{Huffington Post Published An Interesting Article As To What Is Coming For Trump and His Henchmen}
 
[Huffington Post] “As President Trump begins his historic détente with Vladimir Putin, it seems a good time to check in with five other men who, along with Trump and Putin, were mentioned in the explosive “Steele Dossier” that hit U.S. media several weeks ago and has since been largely forgotten. The dossier, which accuses Mr. Trump and members of his campaign staff of treason against the United States, was compiled by Christopher Steele, a former high-ranking agent for Britain’s MI6 intelligence service—and the head of that service’s Russia desk.
 
Intelligence agencies on both sides of the Atlantic say Steele is highly competent and thoroughly credible.
 
More recently, Business Insider has reported that “the timeline of Trump’s ties with Russia lines up with the allegations of conspiracy and misconduct” contained in the Steele dossier.
 
Reviewing the fates of the five men below, we find that, since their alleged involvement in the activities detailed in the Steele dossier, one of these men was fired from his job, while another was promoted. A third man was found dead in the back of his car the day after Christmas, while the whereabouts of a fourth are unknown—as he’s gone into hiding for fear of his own and his family’s safety.
 
As President Trump begins his historic détente with Vladimir Putin, it seems a good time to check in with five other men who, along with Trump and Putin, were mentioned in the explosive “Steele Dossier” that hit U.S. media several weeks ago and has since been largely forgotten. The dossier, which accuses Mr. Trump and members of his campaign staff of treason against the United States, was compiled by Christopher Steele, a former high-ranking agent for Britain’s MI6 intelligence service—and the head of that service’s Russia desk.
 
Intelligence agencies on both sides of the Atlantic say Steele is highly competent and thoroughly credible.
 
More recently, Business Insider has reported that “the timeline of Trump’s ties with Russia lines up with the allegations of conspiracy and misconduct” contained in the Steele dossier.
 
Reviewing the fates of the five men below, we find that, since their alleged involvement in the activities detailed in the Steele dossier, one of these men was fired from his job, while another was promoted. A third man was found dead in the back of his car the day after Christmas, while the whereabouts of a fourth are unknown—as he’s gone into hiding for fear of his own and his family’s safety.
 
A fifth met with Vladimir Putin as recently as two weeks ago.
 
This list of five men does not include former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, who was mysteriously pushed out by Trump after reports emerged that Manafort indirectly assisted Russia’s invasion of the Crimean Peninsula in Ukraine—the very international crime the Trump administration now opposes leveling sanctions to punish. Prior to his departure in August, it was widely reported that Manafort had also been behind the Trump campaign’s efforts, at the Republican convention in July, to amend the party’s platform to adopt a more favorable view of Russia’s annexation of Crimea.
 
Carter Page. On March 21, 2016, then-presidential candidate Donald Trump told the editorial board of The Washington Post that Carter Page was a key member of his foreign policy team. To be clear, Trump cited Page, unprompted, by name—indeed, Page’s was one of the very first names Mr. Trump could think of in offering up his roster of foreign policy advisers. Four months later, Page travelled to Moscow to give a speech at the Higher Economic School. It was at this point, according to the Steele dossier, that the CEO of Russia’s national oil company, Igor Sechin, offered Page brokerage of a 19 percent stake in the oil company if he would convince Mr. Trump to lift U.S. sanctions on Russian oil.” 
 
 
Twitter @sheriffali
 
Open Huffington Post Link For Full Article:
 
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_589f5472e4b080bf74f03cd6







Kelly Ann Conway Is Neither Woman Nor Human, She’s The Seed Of The Serpent!

Posted in Kelly Ann Conway, Not Woman, Not Human, Seed Of The Serpent, Donald Trump, Republicans, Fascism, Racism, Misogny, Crooks And Liars,, United States on February 13, 2017 by sheriffali

Kelly Ann Conway Sold Her Soul To The Devil, She Is Shameless And Morally And Ethically Bankrupt.

Twitter @sheriffali





The Trump Presidency Exposed America’s Problem With The Electoral College Whereby Republican Governors Purged Minority Voters In Florida, Michigan And Wisconsin, Allowing America’s Biggest Con Man The Presidency!
Posted in United States with tags America, Banana Republic, Constitutional Violation, Crooked Trump, Democracy, Democrats, Donald Trump, Electoral College, Emoluments Clause, Fascist Trump, Fraudulent Republicans, Hillary Clinton, IVANKA TRUMP, Kelly Ann Conway, Liar Trump, Mike Flynn, Mike Spence, President Obama, Republicans, Republicans Wrecking America, THIEVING TRUMP, TOTALITARIAN GOVERNMENT on February 12, 2017 by sheriffali


Philip Roth Of The New Yorker Said It Best!
 
[“I found much that was alarming about being a citizen during the tenures of Richard Nixon and George W. Bush. But whatever I may have seen as their limitations of character or intellect neither was anything like as humanly impoverished as Donald Trump is;
 
Ignorant of Government, Of History, Of Science, Of Philosophy, Of Art, Incapable Of Expressing Or recognizing Subtlety or Nuance, Destitute Of All Decency, And Wielding A Vocabulary Of Seventy-Seven Words That Is Better Called Jerkish than English.”]
 
Republicans and the Corrupt Media went after Hillary Clinton like a hungry Lion determined to catch its Prey at all cost. These two Groups never relented on Hillary’s Email or Benghazi, however, Vulgar, Con Man, Rogue, Swindler, Bigot, Fascist, Racist and illegitimate President, Donald Trump and his Staff are violating the Constitution and the Laws of America every day and the Media’s attention span is limited at best and the fraudulent Republican Congress are either enabling the Violations or are blatantly silent.
 
Republican Governors in Florida, Michigan and Wisconsin Purged Minority Voters in excess of two million plus, allowing the Biggest Crook In History to become President of The United States.
 
Donald Trump, Kelly Ann Conway, Mike Spence and others in the Trump Administration have and continue to violate the Emoluments Clause and the Constitution each and every day and the Democrats that hold the Minority in the House and Senate are just helpless, while the fraudulent Republicans continue their blatant abuse of America and the American People.
 
When does it end or should it be when would it end? We can only hope sooner than later, least we end up not having a respected Country but another Totalitarian Government or perhaps a Banana Republic.
 
Twitter @sheriffali 








America Under Attack From Within!
Posted in United States with tags AMERICA'S DEMOCRACY, Attorney General, Betsy DeVos, Bigotry, Donald Trump, Education Secretary, Fascism, Hate, Jeff Sessions, Lies, Racism, Republican Congress, Republicans, Resist Trump GOP, Selling Out America, TOTALITARIAN GOVERNMENT, Trump Protege Putin, USA UNDER ATTACK FROM WITHIN, Vladimir Putin on February 8, 2017 by sheriffali


United States Of America Are Under Attack By Racist Donald Trump, Republicans And Trump’s Unqualified Nominees More Than Any Country or All Terrorist Groups Combined.
 
To the Democrats, Independents and the 52% of White Women that hated Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and voted {or didn’t vote} for the World’s biggest Con Man, Donald Trump as your President, you must be awfully proud of yourself, witnessing the “Destruction of 240 years of sacrifices, flushed down the drain by this Pathological Liar, Racist, Fascist, Bigot, Misogynist and Bankruptcy Swindler.
 
“Donald Trump is not looking out for America or the American people’s interest, Trump is doing what he has always done, “Screw Any And Everyone For What Benefits Donald Trump.” Just how stupid you Trump Voters are? 
 
As we witness tonight, King of Racism, Jeff Sessions was confirmed as America’s New Attorney General. Mr. Sessions racism is so bad, Senator Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell held a special vote last night that stopped Senator Elizabeth Warren from reading a Letter from the Deceased Widow of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Coretta Scott King. [We are thankful for the 2 Republican Senators that Voted Against Jeff Sessions]
 
Prior to Jeff Sessions’ confirmation, the Republicans had the Vice President Mike Spence break a 50/50 vote in order to confirm the most unqualified person, Betsy DeVos as Education Secretary. The only reason why Donald Trump nominated DeVos and the Republican Senate confirmed Betsy DeVos is solely due to the tens of millions of dollars she has given to Republicans. Crooked Donald Trump and the Fraudulent Republicans are selling out America to the highest bidder.
 
Trump is attacking the Judiciary, Media and any and all Opposition, in his quest to destabilize America’s Democracy and creates a Totalitarian Government, whereby Donald Trump can be a bigger Dictator than is “Protégé,” Vladimir Putin.
 
Join The Resist Movements Now And “Resist Crooked Donald Trump And The Fraudulent Republican Congress.
 
Twitter @sheriffali






Donald Trump Aspiration To Be A Bigger Rodent Than His Protégé Vladimir Putin Moving America To Totalitarian Governance!
Posted in United States with tags Adolf Hitler, Bigot Trump, CON MAN TRUMP, CONTROL JUDICIARY, CONTROL MEDIA, despots, Donald Trump, Fascist Trump, PHATHOLOGICAL LIAR TRUMP, Racist Trump, RODENTS, SILENCE OPPOSITION, THIEVING TRUMP, TOTALITARIAN GOVERNMENT, UNDEMOCRATIC, Vladimir Putin on February 8, 2017 by sheriffali


Donald Trump is not “stupid” but he is “Evil” with ambitions of becoming the World’s Biggest Dictator and being able to suffocate any criticism from the Media or the Opposition.
 
At every juncture Donald Trump Criticizes the Judiciary, Media and any and all opposition, be mindful not to become complacent. 
 
People might find it difficult to believe that Trump could accomplish this objective, however, when you have people like Former Secretary of State James Baker on National Television advocating what a great job Donald Trump is doing, despite the chaos that Trump has created, it may not be as too fetched as you might imagine.  
 
Considering the fact that Donald Trump phantasmagoric rationales and internecine Policies and outlandish Nominees are being buttressed by the Republican Controlled Congress, people need to be mindful that Adolf Hitler didn’t start with Gas Chambers. Just look at the defining signs on Fascism and you may be moved enough to oppose what Donald Trump and Republicans are doing to America, now that Republicans control the White House, Congress and 32 Governorships. 
 
 
14 Defining Characteristics Of Fascism
 
Powerful And Continuing Nationalism 
 
Disdain For Human Rights
 
Identification Of Enemies As Unifying Cause
 
Supremacy Of The Military
 
Rampant Sexism
 
Controlled Mass Media
 
Obsession With National Security
 
Religion And Government Intertwined
 
Corporate Power Protected
 
Labor Power Suppressed
 
Disdain For Intellectuals And The Arts
 
Rampant Cronyism And Corruption
 
Fraudulent Elections
 
Americans, whether or not you voted for or against Donald Trump, “factually,” Trump is a Fascist. To some this may be just another word that tags along with Bigotry and Racism, but make no mistake America, a “Fascist” is a very dangerous person. In addition, if you observe Donald Trump carefully, Trump is affected by and with “Bipolar Disorder and Dementia.” 
 
People use Adolf Hitler’s name capriciously, but don’t be lackadaisical, Donald Trump may not be Hitler, but Trump has most certainly studied the Life Of Adolf Hitler and the worst part of all of this, Donald Trump is a “Wannabe” Adolf Hitler and a bigger “Despot” than Vladimir Putin and Nothing could be more dangerous!
 
 
Twitter @sheriffali

 





« Older Entries





Pages

About Me…


Categories

2001

2012

2013

2013 Inauguration

2016

2016 Presidency

2016 Presidential Election

2016 Presidential Race

2016 White House

9/11

9/11 Tragedy

Abortion

Abraham Lincoln

Agape

Allah

ALMIGHTY GOD

Alone

America

America's 2%

America's 98%

American History

American Tax Payers

Angry McCain

ANN ROMNEY

Apology to the American people

Arabs

Aspirations

Atomic Bomb

Baggage Is Real

Balls on fire

Benghazi

Benjamin Netanyahu

Bermuda

Bernard Madoff

Bernie Sanders

Bernie Sanders Baggage

Better Tomorrows

BEYOND THIS WORLD

Bill Clinton

Binders of women

Blacks

Blows Up

BORN DEAF AND BLIND

BORN OF A WOMAN

Brain Dead

Burma

Bush's Policies

Bushmaster .223 AR-15 ASSAULT RIFLE

Cambodia

Carly Fiorina

Carly Fiorina Lies

Carly Fiorina Shameless Liar

Cayman Islands

Children

China

Christ

Christianity

Chuck Hagel

CIRCUMSTANCE

Clint Eastwood

CNN

Colin Powell

Coma

Commitment

Completely Wrong

CONCEIVED BY GOD

Condi Rice

Condoleeza Rice – Liar

Contradicting 150 years

Corporate Whores

Crazy

Cruelty

Current events

Darkness

Defense Secretary

Democrat

Democratic Debate

Democrats

Deregulation

Dick Cheney

Dick morris

Donald Rumsfeld

Donald Trump

Donald Trump Scam

Double-Standard

Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.

Dr. Susan Rice

Dreams

Dying Alone

Education

Egypt

Endoresements

Epiphany

Equal rights for all

Equality

Extreme Views

Fallible

Federal Courts

Flights of Insanity

Fox News

Frederick Douglass

GANG RAPED BY 6 MEN AND A METAL ROD

GANG RAPED STUDENT DIED

Gaza

Gaza war

George Herbert Walker Bush

George W. Bush

God

GOD IN THE FLESH

God is not a religion

GOD'S GRACE

God's love

God's Spirit

GOP Committee

GOP Derangement

GOP Hearing

GOP HOPEFULS

GOP Insanity

GOP Is A Cancer

GOP PLATFORM

GOP Wrecking America

Gov Christ Christie

GRIEVING HEARTS

Gun Affinity

Gun Madness

GUN OWNERS OF AMERICA

Gun Violence

GUN VIOLENCE OUT OF CONTROL

Guns

Hades

Hama Mangaroo

Hamas

Hamas Rockets

Hate

He still stands tall

Heartless

Heaven

Hell

Helping each other

Helping others

Hewlett Packard

Hillary Clinton

Hillary Clinton For POTUS

Hillary Clinton Presumptive Nominee Vote Hillary Clinton For President Hillary Clinton Life Time Of Public Service Hillary Clinton First Lady US Senator Secretary Of State First Woman Nominee Stand Wi

Hillary Firewall To The Nomination

HIllaryClinton2016

Hiroshima

Holocaust

Honesty

HOPE

Hope for better tomorrows

Housing Market

Hubris

Human Vulture

humility

Hypocrisy

Illness

Impudence

Inauguration

INDIA

INDIA NEEDS TO PROTECT WOMEN

India's Independence

Infallible God

Insane McCain

Internecine Policies

Iran

ISIS

Israel

Israeli Settlements

Israelis

It is still about race for some

Japanese Madness

JESUS CHRIST

John F. Kennedy

John McCain

Josef Stalin

Kamikaze

Karl Rove

Kathy Perry

Kelly Ann Conway, Not Woman, Not Human, Seed Of The Serpent, Donald Trump, Republicans, Fascism, Racism, Misogny, Crooks And Liars,

Kelly Ayotte

Killed In Iraq

KKK

Koch Brothers

Larry Pratt

LGBT

Liar

Libya

Light

Limiting the black President

Lincoln Luther Obama

Lindsay Graham

Lindsay Lohan

Love Food

Mahatma Gandhi

Maureen Dowd

McCain gone bonkers

Media

Media Bias For GOP

Media Political Stooge For GOP

Megan kelly

Megan Kelly Fox News

Melania Trump Donald Trump Hillary Clinton President Obama Bill Clinton Michelle Obama Plagiarized Speech

MERCY AND GRACE

Michelle Obama

Misguided

Mitt Romney

Mohammed Morsi

Moslems

Nagasaki

NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION

Native Americans

New York City

Newt Gingrich

Nick Crews

Nick Crews Children

NRA

Obama Administration

Obama's Compassion

Oneness with God

Out of body experience

Palestine

Palestinians

Parents

Patience

Paul Ryan

Peace

Pear Harbor 1941

Pickwick

Piers Morgan

Pimps

Planned Parenthood

POLITICIANS AND THE NRA

Politics

Politics 2016

Poverty

PRECIOUS CHILDREN

Presidency 2016

President Gerald Ford

President Obama

President Obama 2013 Inaugural Address

President Obama Secretary Of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Presidency 2016 Vote Hillary For President United Vote Blue Democratic Senate Democratic House Racism Fascism Bigotry Hate Gun Violen

President Obama's Accomplishments

President Truman

Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru

Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra

Progress

Prophet Mohammed

Racism

Recovery

Religion

Republican Debate

Republican Legislators

Republican Scam

Republican Second Debate

Republicans

Republicans Debate

Republicans Witch Hunt

RESPECT FOR ALL WOMEN

Respite

Responsibility

RICH OR POOR

Right Wing Extremists

Rush Limbaugh

Sadness

Sanctimonious America

SANDY HOOK BABIES

SANDY HOOK BABIES KILLED

SANDY HOOK DEDICATION

SANDY HOOK SCHOOL TRAGEDY

SANDY HOOK TRAGEDY

Scrooge

Sean Hanity

Secretary of State

Secretary of State Hillary Clinton

Senate Confirmation

Senator John McCain

September 11

Shameful

Shyster

Sickness

Sin

Slap in the face

Solitude

SOME MEN ARE DESPICABLE

Some Politicians are Whores

Son of a bitch Netanyahu

Soviet Union

Spiritual Strength

Spiritualism

Spirituality

STOP THE MADNESS

Sub-Prime Mortgage

Super Pac

Surviving Cancer

Swindler

Thailand

Thank you Hillary

The Elderly

Thelma and Louise

Todd Akins

Tony Blair

Towers of Tragedy

Trey Gowdy Altered Documents

Trump Cheats At Gulf

TWENTY OF OUR BABIES DIED

Two State

UN Ambassador Susan Rice

Uncategorized

United States

Upside down world

US Sanctions

US Soldier Captain Khan

USA #1

USA – ONE NATION

Vengeful McCain

VERDURE OF GRACE

Veterans

Viable for 2016

Violence

Vote Hillary

Vulture Romney

War

War-Monger

Wayne LaPierre

West Bank

White House

White House 2016

Whites

WHO IS JESUS?

Whoever thirst

WIDOW kristen Breitweiser

Witch Megan kelly

Women

Women's Rights

World

World War 11

World's Oldest person dies

World's tallest person dies




February 2017


S
M
T
W
T
F
S




« Jan
 
 




 1234


567891011


12131415161718


19202122232425


262728
 



Archives

February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011
June 2011
May 2011
April 2011


Meta

Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.com 





Blog at WordPress.com. 

















Blog at WordPress.com. 





Post to



Cancel







 










 








