























Services
Sectors
Clients
Careers
News
Contact
About













We are
Business Driven Technology Specialists

We lead the way in the design and delivery of digital solutions.





Our Mission
To exceed our clients expectations

by setting the standards others aspire to.






Digital Transformation
										

Transform your organisation by providing digital services that are simple, clear and fast to use.






Cyber Security
										

Security solutions tailored to protect your digital assets and safeguard your most critical data from compromise.






Big Data
										

Processing vast data volumes to identify new market trends and create distinct market advantage.







Services


Digital Transformation
								

Transform your organisation by providing digital services that are simple, clear and fast to use.



Cyber Security
								

Security solutions tailored to protect your digital assets and safeguard your most critical data from compromise.



Big Data
								

Processing vast data volumes to identify new market trends and create distinct market advantage.





Our Focus




Public Sector

As Government departments continue their drive towards delivering cost effective and ever more user-friendly digital experiences, the need for alternative solutions has never been greater.
But can it really be possible to continue delivering these solutions in an environment that is facing increasingly restricted budgets?

View More
















Financial Services

Organisations face ever-increasing pressure to meet newly created regulatory demands whilst maintaining a competitive edge within their relative markets. They must achieve this amidst a backdrop of cost cutting and budget reduction.
Can IT departments continue to deliver on these demands sustainably?

View More






Media

The media industry is undergoing a seismic change as traditional providers compete with innovative and disruptive digital challengers.
The digital expectations of customers and the rapid introduction of new technologies are creating a tough set of challenges for media providers across the spectrum of news, magazines, on-line, B2B, digital content, broadcast and STM.

View More











Clients

























Government Digital Services





Telegraph Media Group


Case Studies




Careers


College Leaver
								

The first step into a professional career with a highly respected fast track technology company. A college leaver programme designed to give you an alternative to university.



Graduate
								

Your next step on a professional career path with a highly respected fast track technology company. A graduate programme offering a unique training scheme, to set you apart from your industry peers.



Professional
								

Discover where your talent and experience will take you.


View Job Opportunities





Latest News


6point6 to attend Silicon Milkroundabout


Awarded prestigious Tech Track 100 rating


Awarded G-Cloud 8 approved supplier status






As one of Europe’s leading Jobs Fairs for the tech industry, Silicon Milkroundabout brings together talented job seekers and leading...






6point6 is pleased to announce that it has been ranked 13th in the 16th annual Sunday Times...





6point6 has been awarded a new framework contract to supply 10 approved consultancy service offerings to the UK Government...





Read More


Read More


Read More



View All News Articles






Say Hello



We’re always happy to answer any questions you may have. Whatever your challenges, we would love to hear from you.
E: enquiries@6point6.co.uk
T: 020 7016 9190























6point6


Tweets by 6point6ltd 














©  6point6 Limited. Registered Address: 1 Berkeley Street, London, W1J 8DJ
Registered in England and Wales - Company No: 07946687. VAT No. 133760817
Privacy Policy  |  Terms & Conditions

























