








  




















Corbels Security Services Ltd
Corbels
Rannoch Road
Crowborough
East Sussex
TN6 1RB

+44 (0)7977 731246
+44 (0)1892 662653

ian.cook@corbelssecurityservices.co.uk
Skype ID: togglergi
PGP Fingerprint: D4CE 9FOD 77E7 3A66 83A6 3133 CBF4 E590



Corbels Security Services

Open Source Targeted Intelligence-based ServicesVirtual Chief Information Security Officer (vCISO) to SME's.CISO Mentoring and Advisory Service.CEO, COO, and CFO Security Advisory Service.Advice, direction, marketing, funding introductions, and PR to start-up Security Technology companies.Talent Scout for VC's and Angels.


Ian Cook
Ian Cook is one of the few truly internationally recognized and respected leaders in the field of Information Technology Security and a well-known security research and Intelligence analyst.

Ian, spent 26 years working in Information Security, pioneered the application of Government intelligence procedures in the corporate sector to predict future security risks and enable security managers to better target their security resources and make more effective strategic decisions. 

He has held senior technical and management positions at Saudi American Bank, Citigroup, Merrill Lynch, Barclays and most recently at Team Cymru, a Boutique non-profit dedicated to making the Internet more secure. On leaving Team Cymru he was awarded the title ‘Team Cymru Emeritus’ which is conferred upon Cymraeg who retire after a particularly noteworthy career and is a mark of distinguished service. 

In 2004 Ian spent a one year sabbatical at Cogenta, an exciting start-up company that developed Intelligent Open Source Monitoring Tools for collecting data from the Dark or Hidden Web. This has led to him working with numerous start-ups to help them come to market. 

Ian is a long-standing active member of the ‘Forum of Incident Response and Security Teams’ (FIRST), spent 6 years on the FIRST Steering Committee, was the main driver behind the FIRST Best Practice Guide initiative, and was Program Chair for the FIRST 2007 Conference. 

For 15 years Ian managed an invite only Security Mailing list that was sent to the main decision makers in the security industry, across all sectors, which has enabled him to have a contacts list – second to none. 









Corbels Security Services Ltd. Company Registered in England and Wales No. 9263509


Privacy Policy


Tweets by @Secnewsbytes







Check out my CoffeeCup Form




