



 




























 


 

 


 


 
Ajay Saxena
 


 


 

 


 

 
 


 
 
 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 Dharamshalas in Mumbai



 
 
 
PPP in Maharashtra
 


 
 
 
Ajay Saxena
 



 
 
 
ADB Mail

 



 
 
    Ajay Saxena Blog


 
 
 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 
Prakhyat
 


 
 
 


 

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 


 
 
 


 

Ajay Saxena - Public Private Partnership Expert - Asian Development Bank 
An MBA with Specialization in Information Technology, from Lucknow  University. Also a Law Graduate from Lucknow University Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh,  and Post Graduate in Economics with specialization in Econometrics from Christ  Church College, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, India. 
Currently working with the Asian Development Bank as a PPP (public privatepartnership) - Expert and facilitating the Government of Maharashtra to promote PPP across allthe sectors on the need basis. Major interventions in Institutionalizing of PPP which he has beenworking on are:1. Development of PPP Policy for Government of Maharashtra;2. Draft for PPP Regulator for Maharashtra;3. Setting up a Project Finance Fund for Urban Infrastructure Projects.4. Developing PPP Guidelines and Toolkits for PPP Projects in Water Supply and Sanitation,Urban Transport, Health, Education, City Roads and Solild Waste Management.5. Established Maharashtra’s own Panel of Transaction Advisors to push ProjectDevelopment;6. Rejuvenated Maharashtra Urban Infrastructure Development Company Ltd.7. Strengthening the PPP projects award approval mechanisms. 
Major PPP Projects contributed in different capacities:1. Mumbai Trans Harbor Link of USD 1.9 bln2. Regional Bulk Water Project in Mumbai Metropolitan Region – USD 200 Mln;3. Integrated Water Supply Project in Aurangabad of USD 160 mln4. Integrated Water Supply and Sanitation Project in Bhiwandi of USD 125 mln5. Regional SWM for Mumbai Metropolitan Region – USD 100 Mln6. E-waste Management USD 15 Mln;7. Mumbai Metro Phase II of USD 220 Mln8. Garment Parks at Solapur, Kolhapur and Nagpur of USD 75.2 Mln;9. Worli Haji Ali Sealink Project of USD 1,075 Mln;In all contributed in about 85 PPP Projects worth USD 10 bln. 
Earlier to this, worked on a World Bank Project to reclaim Sodic Lands in Uttar Pradeshas Incharge of Monitoring & Evaluation. He was also the Project Director for two world bank andIFAD funded Projects viz. “Swashakti” Project – A project for women Empowermentimplemented under 17 districts of Uttar Pradesh and “SAWERA – Sustainable Agriculture forWomen Empowerment in Rural Areas (UP). 
I was also one among three who conceived and managed India’s no. 1 Map website –www.mapsofindia.com






























I like watching TV and surfing Net besides reading novels, Books and Magazines on Current Affairs.




























My Family is very supportive and loves me very much. 







