









Login
















Products
Features
Uses

software development


Buy Now
Blog
Support
About us







How Productive Are Your Employees?
Understand Behavior, Improve Productivity, Detect Insider Threats & More









Watch The Video




Free Trial, No Credit Card
View Demo




Cloud Based Employee Behaviour Monitoring For PC, MAC, iPhone & Android




No Hardware Required
No I.T. Knowledge Needed
No Commitment
Month To Month Pricing
Immediate Download





What is KnowIT?
KnowIT is software that lets businesses measure employee productivity, protect confidential data and detect insider threats on PC, Mac, Android and iPhones.




What Are Its Benefits?

KnowIT gives you four specific benefits.
Firstly, KnowIT measures employee productivity and gives you genuine, fine grained productivity metrics that can be used to make direct comparisons between employees performing the same job role.
Secondly, KnowIT provides protection for your confidential data against IPR theft by tracking the movement and modification of your important files across and out of your network.
Thirdly, KnowIT provides protection against insider threats by letting you understand how your employees are using computer applications and websites and by inspecting network packets to identify suspicious behaviour or rogue applications. 
Finally KnowIT continual stream of data, alerts and reports gives you the information you need to improve your processes, and to make better business decisions.
With over 50 powerful features, desktop and mobile support, JSON Integration API, optional biometric sensors and  our bespoke customization services, KnowIT is able to help a business of any size create their own custom solutions for employee productivity and improved security.




Why Do I Need It?

Are my customer lists, sales reports and source code files safe?
Who are my most productive employees?
Why is that contractor plugging in a USB device?
How can I quickly  record employee attendance?
Is anyone looking for a new job?
I need a list of all the applications installed on all my devices right now?
Which of my computers is likely to have a spambot running?
What are my employees posting on Facebook?
Who are they chatting to on Skype?
Why is he using webmail to send a file?
Are unapproved applications being installed?
How much time does this employee waste surfing sites that are not permitted?
Who is streaming cat videos and blocking the company network? 





Key Features


Application Monitoring
Get total visibility and control of all applications installed on your network
Understand how and when your employees use Instant messaging, Webmail, Websites, business applications including keystrokes using a browser connected to the Internet.
        


Stop Insider Threats
Detect and prevent data loss and IPR theft
Find out when any files are modified, moved or transferred via directory, network drives, webmail, cloud storage, USB or  FTP.


Productivity Metrics
Genuine job based productivity measurements
Get real world metrics that make staff comparisons meaningful. KnowIT generates true productivity because it uses  actual attendance information from biometric sensors.


Detect Network Threats
Discover if your network is being abused
KnowIT analyses network packets to detect device level suspicious activity such as unusual ports, spambots, DDOS zombies excessive bandwidth usage and more.


Supercharge Security
Centralised biometric authentication for your apps and door entry
Add fingerprint authentication to your favourite apps, websites and door entry systems  removing need to remember passwords or carry cards - all from a centralised KnowIT account.


Alerts & Reports
Direct information where and when you need it
Receive alerts and reports  on anything from suspicious file transfers and network protocols to prohibited websites or excessive bandwidth usage, from poor attendance to low productivity. Reports can be sent directly to employees for self-improvement.


Bespoke Service
Made to measure software
With our feature packed pipeline, it's unlikely that KnowIT won't fit your business. However, if there's something special that you need, we are able to customise KnowIT for you.


Unparalleled Coverage
Covers more of your business
KnowIT works on PC, Mac, iPhone, iPad, Android and Tablets and you can easily transfer your licences between devices, giving you the flexibility to include more of your staff.


Instantly Powerful
Ready To Go In Minutes
KnowIT can be set up in minutes. No need to buy and maintain servers, no need to train your IT guy to use the most feature rich employee monitoring available anywhere.






Why We Are Unique?
KnowIT is the only cloud based employee behaviour monitoring software that combines application monitoring, network packet analysis, and biometric data in one easy to use package and is therefore able to deliver insights into productivity and security that no other product can.
Tracks computer applications others cannot
      Provides genuine employee productivity  measurements
      Records employee timekeeping via device logon and biometric sensors
      Automatically detects suspicious network activity such as port usage, spambots, DDOS zombie, bandwidth and much more





How Does It Work?



Install.
Install the KnowIT software on any Windows, Mac, Apple or Android device.



Activate.
Activate the KnowIT license key to register the device.



Analyse.
Login to the KnowIT portal to start receiving alerts & reports.






Watch Videos





Getting Started After Purchasing KnowIT







Installing KnowIT on an iPhone







Installing KnowIT on a Mac







Installing KnowIT on an Android Device





 




Sign Up!
KnowIT continually revolutionizes security & productivity software. Keep yourself educated with the latest breakthroughs, and receive exclusive discounts and offers by signing up now!

















View All Features
See all the features of KnowIT that make our software the best computer monitoring software for your business.



Check Out Our Demo!
Before you buy, why not test out KnowIT yourself to see what it can do for you.



Testimonials
KnowIT was really well named. I was up and running without our IT department.

















privacy policy
terms & conditions

Trademark | © 2016-2017 DigitalEndpoint Ltd. All rights reserved. KnowIT is trademark of DigitalEndpoint Ltd. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Ownership | www.digitalendpoint.com is owned and operated by DigitalEndpoint, a Hong Kong limited corporation whose address is 32/F Millennium City 1, 388 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong






















