










About | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Tip Us | Join Microsoft BizSpark

 













Home

Microsoft

Windows
Mobile
Office
Xbox One


Apple


 iPhone

iPhone Activity Center
iPhone Apps
iPhone Themes



 iPad

iPad Activity Center
iPad Apps



 Mac OS X

 Apple Watch


Google

Google Services
Android



Reviews
Wearables
Web
IoT

Home Automation


Developer Tools

Deals

More

Apps

Sprink
Turn Off LCD
Drive Icon Changer


About Us
Advertise

















RPon




Firm That Helped FBI Break Into San Bernardino iPhone Gets Hacked, Tools Leaked Online
By Oliver Haslam | February 3rd, 2017  









If you cast your mind back to when Apple refused to unlock an iPhone 5c for the authorities following the San Bernardino incident last year, the company made the argument that if it created a tool for opening up an encrypted iPhone, then it would create the potential for that tool to then fall into the wrong hands and ultimately make iPhone encryption obsolete.
The FBI didn’t agree with this and went ahead and found someone else to do the hacking – Israeli firm Cellebrite.

In a turn of events that have more than a hint of irony to them, Cellebrite has now had their own servers hacked, with most parts of that iPhone hacking tool now leaked on the internet.




A report by Motherboard cites a source who hacked into a remote Cellebrite server and stole 900GB of data, including evidence that Cellebrite did work for countries such as Russia, Turkey, and the UAE. The treasure trove of data also includes a host of files relating to the hacking of iPhones, according to the publication.
Now the hacker responsible has publicly released a cache of files allegedly stolen from Cellebrite relating to Android and BlackBerry devices, and older iPhones, some of which may have been copied from publicly available phone cracking tools.
“It’s important to demonstrate that when you create these tools, they will make it out. History should make that clear,” they continued.
The last line of that quote is particularly pertinent, given Apple’s warning that something like this could happen when it refused to create such a tool last year, with CEO Tim Cook labeling it the software equivalent of cancer. Interestingly, once the data was looked into, much of it was similar to tools used in the jailbreaking community, suggesting there may be some creative re-use of hacks being used.
In their README, the hacker notes much of the iOS-related code is very similar to that used in the jailbreaking scene—a community of iPhone hackers that typically breaks into iOS devices and release its code publicly for free.

As with the iPhone in the San Bernardino case, much of the information found by the hacker relates to tools for hacking older iPhones, so those with newer devices may still be OK. Regardless, now would be an opportune time to remind everyone to encrypt their devices as well as device backups and data, as well as keep their software up to date. At this point, and especially with the world going the way it is right now, it just makes good sense.
(Source: Motherboard)
You might also like to check out:

Pokemon Go 1.25.0 / 0.55.0 Hack Is Available To Download
iOS 10 / 10.2 / 10.1.1 Compatible Jailbreak Tweaks On Cydia [List]
Jailbreak iOS 10.2.1 / 10.3 For iPhone And iPad [Latest Status Update]

You can follow us on Twitter, add us to your circle on Google+ or like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft, Google, Apple and the Web.






Related Stories






Tweet

 Subscribe to our RSS Feed !





Like this post on Facebook







Redmond Pie Channels


Follow Us On Facebook


Subscribe To RSS Feed


Follow Us On Twitter


Subscribe On YouTube











Doron



The biggest BS ever






TheCuddlyKoala



HAHAHA.






Killian Mills



Deserved it !!!






oplix



Firm who created software says they were hacked but in fact sold the software on the black market which then got leaked.






BT



only for older iphones…but the tools for current iphones are secure…uh huh






Mark S



“If you cast your mind back”  what?






tccki



Incorrect, 900 GB of company operational files were leaked. No company would “sell” that on any market.






http://www.miscy.net/                Max Pen



How ironic!






John c



Poetic!






AnonTheMouse



Well colour me “shocked” by this totally expected turn of events.






Benjamin Styles



Has the FBI never not fucked a national incident up?






Scott Tactical



Screw these hacker companies. And screw the meddling departments. It changes nothing on the case and just loses privacy.  Bravo to apple.






Keybounce



Gee, didn’t the government say “Trust us with security”?






Keybounce



Think back to a few years ago.






oplix



Oh right. I’ll take YOUR word for it. I love your ironic conviction of self validating knowledge considering they sold it to the government






Lucas Gordon



Well think about it, why would we know about it if they *didn’t* fuck it up….






JEmlay



This is exactly why Apple told them to fuck off.









Subscribe To Redmond Pie



















 







Follow @RedmondPie










Popular Stories






















Redmond Pie's Latest
 
 

Recent Stories



 Install WhatsApp On iPad Running iOS 10 Without Jailbreak [Tutorial]February 19th, 2017 | Paul Morris  
iOS 10 / 10.2 / 10.1.1 Compatible Jailbreak Tweaks On Cydia [List]February 19th, 2017 | Paul Morris  
Pokemon Go Gen 2 Tip: Evolve Eevee Into Espeon And Umbreon, Here’s HowFebruary 18th, 2017 | Oliver Haslam  
PickPocket 2 For iOS 10 Adds Several More Anti-Theft Features To iPhoneFebruary 18th, 2017 | Oliver Haslam  
Leaked Photos Show Stealth Case Apple Uses To Transport iPhone PrototypesFebruary 18th, 2017 | Oliver Haslam  



























Copyright © 2008-2017 Redmond Pie. All Rights Reserved.
About | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Tip Us




























