








			Home
		




			Blog
		




			Services
		




			About
		




			Contact
		

Search
















Hire Amber to Speak At Your Next Event
Amber has keynoted over 300 events worldwide - click to see some of her talks and find out more!








Tuesday newsletter!
Sign up at the bottom of this page to get exclusive content, including how-tos, tips, trends, and more delivered direct to your email inbox each week.








Media Coverage of “Outsmarting Your Kids Online”
Check out the updated media coverage for our new Outsmarting Your Kids Online book.









		I want to
	


Watch
Read
Listen
Buy
Follow
Hire




Featured Posts






AmberMac Valentine’s Day Facebook Live Special
Check out my Valentine’s Day Facebook Live Special. We’ve got prizes (enter through the form at the bottom of this page), dating app ideas, business of Valentine’s Day stats, and Read More







The Feed: TF083 LEGO’s Boost is Bringing Coding to Kids
Michael McNally joins us to talk about how the world’s most famous toy company is using programming to bring LEGO to life. Plus, get expert advice from real “Sensay” Read More







Dating in 2017: 5 Hot Apps for Valentine’s Day
New year, new love. January and early February are hot months for single adults. In fact, Match.com sees a 60% increase in new members between Christmas Day and Valentine’s Day. This Read More









The Feed: TF082 Sudo Safety, More Musical.ly, and Beddit Sleep Tracking
Steve Shillingford joins us to chat about his new app Sudo, which puts safety and privacy back in your hands thanks to on-demand phones numbers and email addresses. Plus, Read More







4 Tech Trends to Watch in 2017
“If we look at the life cycle of technologies, we see an early period of over-enthusiasm, then a ‘bust’ when disillusionment sets in, followed by the real revolution” – Ray Read More







How to Protect Your Devices from IoT Threats (Twitter Chat)
Don’t miss my Twitter Chat on Saturday, January 7th starting at 6pm ET / 3pm PT with Liron Segev (@Liron_Segev), Enobong Etteh (@BooredatWork), and Bitdefender (@BitdefenderBOX) from CES 2017. Follow Read More









CES 2017:  Battling Smart Home Hackers
The Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, a massive trade show the size of 43-football fields, is celebrating its 50th year.  Last year, CES had Read More







The Feed: TF080 Happy New Year "Best of" The Feed with Guy Kawasaki & More
Guy Kawasaki joins us to chat design basics with Canva. Plus, Jill Dyche from SAS on using big data to help rescue dogs and Jennifer Flanagan from Actua on Read More







Fitness 2017:  Most Innovative Gadgets
Friday, Jan 27, 1pm ET – I’ll be LIVE on Periscope talking 5 Fitness Gadgets for a healthier 2017 A few years after having my son, I knew I Read More







Sign Up for My Email Newsletter 
 


If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			




Fields marked with an * are required
Get exclusive app picks, tech tips, book promotions, event highlights, video previews, and more.
























 By checking this box I agree to receive occasional emails & can unsubscribe at any time. * 




















Want to get in touch? Contact Amber 

Facebook Instagram Twitter Snapchat LinkedIn Google+ RSS





Blog Categories 
15secTech

Books

Community

Events

Marketing

Projects

The Feed


  Amazon.ca Widgets
 Amber Mac 1 hour ago The New Star Wars: Aftermath Novel Reveals the Pitiful Fate of Jar Jar Binks ... The New Star Wars: Aftermath Novel Reveals the Pitiful Fate of Jar Jar Binksio9.gizmodo.comAll the debate can finally be laid to rest. We’re about to finally know what happened to Jar Jar Binks after Revenge of the Sith, and what he’s been doing since Return of the Jedi. View on Facebook·Share
 Load More...Follow on Instagram
 Tweets by @ambermac 











			Home
		




			Blog
		




			Services
		




			About
		




			Contact
		

Search
 
© AmberMac Media Inc. 2016






















