







Features
Technology
Partners
About
News
Contact
Trial SaltDNA



Private Mobile Enterprise CommunicationsA solution for encrypted communications between mobile devices with full, centralized control for the enterprise. Call, conference, text and transfer with complete confidence anywhere, any time.






Secure Communications from any Device
Never compromise on your business communications.
SaltDNA uses the highest grade encryption techniques to allow the user to voice call, text message, conference call or send files with the highest confidence.
Available on iOS, Android and Desktop







Encrypted Voice and Text
All communications are secure with the ability to burn history immediately.



Secure Collaboration
Secure conference calling and group messaging allows collaboration on confidential matters securely.



Secure File Transfer
Confidential documents and images can be accessed on the move.



Centralised Management
New users can be provisioned virtually instantaneously, anywhere in the world.



Closed Contacts
Authorized contacts are part of a closed group within the SaltDNA app and aren't linked to the device's personal contacts.



Reports & Analytics
Ability to monitor communication usage including individual data.






Secure Communications On Any Device, On Any Global Network
Do you want to be able to deliver your communications securely anywhere and over any network?
You can trust SaltDNA to deliver. In any location and on any data network worldwide, SaltDNA encrypts all conversations so no insecure data is ever transmitted. 












Centralized Device and User Management
Control your own communications.
SaltDNA provides a secure management system to ensure companies have complete control over all employees contact lists and communications. The SaltDNA Communications Manager allows the enterprise to provision and manage users, hosting the portal on-premise. By configuring closed user groups, the enterprise controls who in their team can communicate with whom - all entirely controlled by management.






Rapid deployment on a secure cloud based server or within your own private infrastructure
Deploy the SaltDNA solution instantaneously.
The SaltDNA software-only solution allows you to deploy users virtually instantaneously, anywhere in the world using our Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) which secures administrator credentials. The SaltDNA Communications Manager allows the enterprise to add new users, monitor current users, and de-provision anyone using SaltDNA from a simple dashboard.








How We've Helped Some of Our Customers



Oil & Gas Case Study

Global oil & gas company deploys SaltDNA Enterprise to secure strategic communications - protecting trade secrets and safeguarding competitive information.


Read Case Study






Legal Case Study

International legal firm implements secure mobile communications to keep legal strategies confidential & protect client/attorney privileged discussions.


Read Case Study







Interested? Try SaltDNA for free






Features
Technology
Partners
About
News
Contact
Trial SaltDNA
Privacy Policy

© 2017 SaltDNA








