



































Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments





Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpClick to call our Disability Customer Support line, or reach us directly at 1-888-283-1678 






Books Advanced Search New Releases Best Sellers The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks















































































                Books
            


             ›
         


                Biographies & Memoirs
            


             ›
         


                 Specific Groups
             







Women in Tech and over one million other books are available for Amazon Kindle.  Learn more 





Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 

























Share


Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest


































Buy New




$16.96












Qty:
1
                        
2
                        
3
                        
4
                        
5
                        
6
                        
7
                        
8
                        
9
                        
10
                        
11
                        
12
                        
13
                        
14
                        
15
                        
16
                        
17
                        
18
                        
19
                        
20
                        
21
                        
22
                        
23
                        
24
                        
25
                        
26
                        
27
                        
28
                        
29
                        
30
                        
Qty:1






List Price: $24.95



                            Save: $7.99
                             (32%)
						









FREE Shipping on orders with at least $25 of books.







        
            
            In Stock.
        
        
    




    





    
        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
        Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.
    
    

        
        
        
        
        
        

        
            Gift-wrap available.
        










                        Women in Tech: Take Your ...
                        has been added to your Cart
                    






Add to Cart




Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser





























Buy Used




$5.89











+ $3.99 shipping



 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    

Used: 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    

Good
		

 | 

				Details
			



		Sold by
		
			
			
				SFGoodwill





Condition:
      Used: Good
    



Comment: Used - Good.
              





Add to Cart




Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser



















Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        
































Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more










See this image












Women in Tech: Take Your Career to the Next Level with Practical Advice and Inspiring Stories
Hardcover

– March 29, 2016



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			








Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack
									 
									(Author)



› Visit Amazon's Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack Page


									Find all the books, read about the author, and more.
								

See search results for this author



											Are you an author?
											Learn about Author Central








Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack



(Author), 



Esther Dyson

(Foreword), 











Angie Chang
									 
									(Contributor)



› Visit Amazon's Angie Chang Page


									Find all the books, read about the author, and more.
								

See search results for this author



											Are you an author?
											Learn about Author Central








Angie Chang



(Contributor)



& 
                 0
                 more










4.6 out of 5 stars








43 customer reviews



















See all 7 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            













Kindle




"Please retry"







$11.99







                            —
                        

                            —
                        



















Hardcover




"Please retry"






$16.96







$8.84




$5.89



















Paperback




"Please retry"







$18.95








$18.95



                            —
                        

















Audible, Unabridged




"Please retry"







$0.00







Free with your Audible trial


















MP3 CD, Audiobook, MP3 Audio, Unabridged




"Please retry"







$9.99








$4.67




$28.80















Kindle 


      $11.99
    









                                Read with Our
                                
                                    Free App
                                









Hardcover 


      $16.96
    








        
          22 Used from $5.89
        
      



        
          34 New from $8.84
        
      





Paperback 


      $18.95
    








        
          1 New from $18.95
        
      





Audible 

$0.00








Free with your Audible trial
          			





MP3 CD 


      $9.99
    








        
          2 Used from $28.80
        
      



        
          10 New from $4.67
        
      

























 Geared toward women who are considering getting into tech, or those already in a tech job who want to take their career to the next level, this book combines practical career advice and inspiring personal stories from successful female tech professionals Brianna Wu (founder, Giant Spacekat), Angie Chang (founder, Women 2.0), Keren Elazari (TED speaker and cybersecurity expert), Katie Cunningham (Python educator and developer), Miah Johnson (senior systems administrator), Kristin Toth Smith (tech executive and inventor), and Kamilah Taylor (mobile and social developer).   Written by a female startup CEO and featuring a host of other successful contributors, this book will help dismantle the unconscious social bias against women in the tech industry. Readers will learn:·      The secrets of salary negotiation ·      The best format for tech resumes ·       How to ace a tech interview ·       The perks of both contracting (W-9) and salaried full-time work ·       The secrets of mentorship ·       How to start your own company ·       And much moreBonus content: Perfect for its audience of hackers and coders, the book contains puzzles and code, created as love letters to women in the tech industry. A distinguished anonymous contributor created the Python code for the cover of the book (ghosted in gloss on the hardcover jacket, and also printed on one of the first pages). It references the mother of computer science, Ada Lovelace. Run the code to see what it does! Mike Selinker and Gaby Weidling of Lone Shark Games, and cryptographer and DefCon puzzle master Ryan “LostboY” Clarke created an “easter egg” of puzzles throughout the book - readers who decipher the puzzles get a prize from the author!











Read more
Read less
















The Tao of Microservices 
Check out this featured resource for all you need to know in microservices.














See all buying options










        Women in Tech: Take Your Career to the Next Level with Practical Advice and Inspiring Stories
    





        $16.96
    


FREE Shipping on orders with at least $25 of books.


        
            
            
                In Stock.
                        
        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
        
            
                
                
            

            Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.
            

            Gift-wrap available.
            

            
            
        
        
    


        






















 click to open popover 



Frequently Bought Together






+


Total price: $30.45

Add both to Cart
Add both to List




Buy the selected items togetherThis item:Women in Tech: Take Your Career to the Next Level with Practical Advice and Inspiring Stories by Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack Hardcover $16.96 In Stock.Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.FREE Shipping on orders over $25. DetailsWomen Don't Ask: The High Cost of Avoiding Negotiation--and Positive Strategies for Change by Linda Babcock Paperback $13.49 In Stock.Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Details








Customers Who Bought This Item Also BoughtPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            Women Don't Ask: The High Cost of Avoiding Negotiation--and Positive Strategies for Change
        

Linda Babcock


4.4 out of 5 stars

32

Paperback$13.49 Prime





            Innovating Women: The Changing Face of Technology
        

Vivek Wadhwa


4.9 out of 5 stars

32

Paperback$16.99 Prime





            The Only Woman in the Room: Why Science Is Still a Boys' Club
        

Eileen Pollack


3.8 out of 5 stars

36

Paperback$18.00 Prime





            Feminist Fight Club: An Office Survival Manual for a Sexist Workplace
        

Jessica Bennett


4.6 out of 5 stars

59

Hardcover$15.24 Prime





            Earning It: Hard-Won Lessons from Trailblazing Women at the Top of the Business World
        

Joann S. Lublin


4.5 out of 5 stars

33

Hardcover$18.29 Prime





            The Secret Thoughts of Successful Women: Why Capable People Suffer from the Impostor Syndrome and How to Thrive in Spite of It
        

Valerie Young


4.6 out of 5 stars

60

Hardcover$15.54 Prime


Next








Special Offers and Product Promotions






Your cost could be $0.00 instead of $16.96! Get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card instantly upon approval for the Amazon Rewards Visa Card

                Apply now
            
















                    Editorial Reviews
                    
                 


Review


“Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack is a brilliant role model. With this book, she offers something rare and wonderful--straightforward and honest guidance for women. I am often approached by women asking, ‘How do I get started in tech?’ I recommend reading this book for answers--I wish I’d had it when I was starting out!”— Elissa Shevinsky, editor of Lean Out: The Struggle for Gender Equality in Tech and Start-Up Culture “The essential handbook for women in technology—engaging, practical, and inspirational, with ready-to-use advice, examples, and stories.” —Library Journal“[Women in Tech] features insights from several successful female tech professionals.”—LinkedIn“With contributions from hackers, gamers, analysts, and more, this is the book Game Developer Barbie would use to guide her career.”—Bustle“[Women in Tech] contains advice ranging from interviews, networking and entrepreneurship, right over to developing, mentorship and the family balance. It’s actually jam packed with insights from women in the field.”—Forbes“Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack’s recently-released book Women in Tech features contributions from badasses like Angie Chang, Katie Cunningham, Keren Elazari, Miah Johnson, Kristin Toth Smith, Brianna Wu, and Kamilah Taylor. You should definitely check out the book.”—The Mary Sue“[Women in Tech] discusses salary negotiation, interviewing, and business practices. Along with practical career advice, the book includes personal stories from female tech professionals.”—GeekWire“Read Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack's new book, Women in Tech, which offers both success stories and advice on leveling the playing field.”—Light Reading“[Women in Tech] gives women an insider’s knowledge of how to break into the tech field and earn a fair wage for their work.”—Seattle Weekly“Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack, author of Women in Tech, wants to stop women from leaving tech jobs mid-career.... [Her] book offers career advice to women who are considering getting into tech, or those already in it who want to take their career to the next level. It combines workplace tips with inspiring personal stories from female tech professionals.” —Seattle magazine“[Women in Tech] has practical advice and personal stories from a variety of voices, and it covers every stage of a tech career, from applying for your first job to starting your first company. The book is lively and entertaining, and it’s a vital read for any woman, non-binary, or transgender person working in technology. But even if you don’t know the difference between C++ and C#, if you interact with technology-focused companies at all (or really, if you’re navigating any traditionally straight-white-cis-male-dominated field), you can learn a whole lot from this book.”—Bitch magazine“If you’re a woman in the tech world, or are looking to join it, what’s the best way to succeed? Women in Tech is one expert’s answer.” —GeekGirlCon“If you’re seriously considering tech as a career, this book is for you. Combining practical career advice and personal stories from successful female tech professionals, you’re bound to get inspired and motivated by these amazing women.” —FabFitFun “Tarah decided to write Women in Tech… simply because it had never been done before.”—Medium"[Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack] explains the societal norms that inform [negotiations] and why women don’t feel comfortable asking for more." —Glassdoor“[Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack] juggles many important roles, which all lead back to her passion for tech.”—Power to Fly"Whether you are into tech or not, Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack provides the most honest and straightforward career advices, useful for many – not only for ‘Women in Tech’"—Annica Rynbeck"Both inclusive and empowering"—The Market for Computer and Video Games“[Helps] tech professionals navigate the social side of their careers.” —Silicon Prairie News“With this book, [Van Vlack] sets out to buck the system, giving great advice on how women can forge their own tech career paths.”—The Bellingham Herald“[Wheeler examines why] women [aren't] pursuing a degree in a lucrative sector like tech and why…the rate [is] decreasing every year.”—Mountain Khabar


Read more

About the Author


Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack, BA, MS, CSM, CSD is CEO and cofounder of Fizzmint, has led projects at Microsoft Game Studios, and founded Red Queen Technologies, Infosec Unlocked, and Hack The People Foundation.
						    	
					    	

Read more









NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE














    Start reading Women in Tech on your Kindle in under a minute.


    
Don't have a Kindle?  Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE  Kindle Reading App.




















New York Times best sellers


                Browse the New York Times best sellers in popular categories like Fiction, Nonfiction, Picture Books and more.  See more














Product Details


Hardcover: 272 pages
Publisher: Sasquatch Books (March 29, 2016)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1632170663
ISBN-13: 978-1632170668

    Product Dimensions: 
    
    5.8 x 0.9 x 8.8 inches
    
Shipping Weight: 1 pounds (View shipping rates and policies)
Average Customer Review:


4.6 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (43 customer reviews)

Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 

































#44,530 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
 






































































































#69
in Books > Business & Money > Industries > Computers & Technology


#86
in Books > Business & Money > Women & Business


#278
in Books > Business & Money > Job Hunting & Careers > Guides























Customer Reviews4.6 out of 5 stars434.6 out of 5 stars5 star74%4 star16%3 star5%2 star5%1 star0%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer reviewSee all verified purchase reviewsTop Customer Reviews5.0 out of 5 starsIn the future I can reference this book as a great resource for those who are new to the fieldByNicolle Angeron April 4, 2016Format: Hardcover|Verified PurchaseI've worked in tech for the last 6 years (Engineer and now Engineering Program Manager) and can say that this book summarizes the majority of the burning questions most people ask me that I mentor.  In fact, salary negotiations, resumes, etc. were some of the burning topics in the round table discussions (for High School and College students) I was in at the 2015 Grace Hopper Conference. In the future I can reference this book as a great resource for those who are new to the field.  That being said, there are still some things that I was not aware of, like the pros/cons of being a contractor, what to look for in a vendor company, what types of events are great for networking, etc. that are super valuable to me even though I've worked for some major companies during my 6 year career.  This book is chock full of great advice and insights and I highly recommend it!Read more0Comment|
          7 people found this helpful.
        
      Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsA Mirror of Many of My Techie Experiences.ByK. VarrasoVINE VOICEon April 19, 2016Format: Hardcover|Vine Customer Review of Free Product( What's this? )I worked in computer technology almost (cough) 35 years ago, after falling into it by accident, and loving the opportunities it provided. Like the author, I was rather surprised that none of the other women around me could recognize what a great deal working as a techie could be. I thought that perhaps the good deal available in tech work had probably changed, but the author makes the case that there is still plenty of room for women in tech, maybe even more than when I was working.She has several female tech workers describe their experiences, which had me nodding in agreement, remembering experiences I had years ago, which should have disappeared ages ago. That part is pathetic. However, the rest of the book is wonderful, describing what life is like for a female techie in a male world. She also goes through the whole process of preparing a resume, going through the resume process, negotiating a decent salary (worth the price of the book all by itself!) and living in a man's and computer's world.All I can say is that this did a lot of mirroring my own experiences, with just the dates on the calendar changed. I'm sorry that zero, or less than zero progress has been made, but really glad that the field is wide open for young women heading into the field. There's also a lot of information for women who want to improve their lives by moving into tech. If you like solving problems and want to move into a rapidly expanding field, read this. It could change your life.Read more0Comment|
          3 people found this helpful.
        
      Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsHelpful starter guide for young female technology professionals (mainly programmers)ByEugeniaon April 27, 2016Format: Hardcover|Vine Customer Review of Free Product( What's this? )As  a woman who works in technology I was very interested in reading this book.  Author has a number of female contributors (one of them is transgender, which I found to be very interesting) who wrote articles about how they  became involved in technology during their professional careers.  I found it to be very interesting that many of the women had non-traditional path to working in technology.  They were self-thought programmers, some were college dropouts and many received education in non-technical field but ended up working as programmers.I found book to be empowering and inspirational for all women of all ages who are paving their way in this field. There are many helpful tips on how to write technical resume (although I wish samples of the resumes are included in the book, which they are not; author is encouraging reader to search her blogs and web sites for the sample of them), how to network, how to start one's own company and how to brand oneself in the industry largely populated by male counterparts.Author also mentions two of the best known female CEOs in technology: Marisa Meyer and Sheryl Sandberg.  Although Ms. Wheeler Van Vlack is not openly expressing her opinions about either one of them as professionals, I can say that I find neither of them to be worthy female role models for women in technology today.  Ms. Meyer is quite unpopular at Yahoo and many technical writers are writing about her (mis)treatment of Yahoo employees and her chronic disregard of other people's (CEOs who are unfortunate to have business relationship with her) time.  As far as Ms. Sandberg is concerned, she is really a woman who studied business and leads technology company, but she herself is not an engineer.  I particularly like Ms. Barecca's criticism of Ms. Sandberg. Ms. Gina Barecca's latest book has a satiric story of Ms. Sandberg's best-selling book "Lean In" - that has appropriately modified the title in Ms. Barecca's short story is "If I Lean In, Will Men Look Down My Shirt?" that Is also a title of her latest book (you can buy it on Amazon).  It is  a must read for every woman, that will explain how clueless privileged women (like Ms. Sandberg) are about the daily lives of ordinary working women.I also have to mention that I started my career as engineer and I worked for companies such as Lucent and Avaya.  Over time, I transitioned into project management role and I find it disturbing that author, along with some of the contributors in this book, does not emphasize that many women can have lucrative, successful and fulfilling careers in project management.  On the contrary, many of contributors in this book  have unfavorable view of the role of the technology project managers (male of female). Book even refers to the project managers as "para-technical" (?!).It is a quick read, very informative, but I cannot say I agree with everything that is said in the book.  There was a time in my life when I was multitasking various roles in my life in a same manner that Ms. Wheeler Van Vlack is describing her time management practices today, especially towards the end of the book.  I can say I consider myself successful.  I love my career as a project manager and I also consider myself to be a "servant leader".  In my spare time, I teach yoga and educate people on importance of honoring nature, people around us, finding time to relax, exercise and meditate and find healthy balance between professional and personal life.  I no longer attend networking events because I find them increasingly annoying.  Many people (male and female) are treating such events as a way to ask for jobs and to me personally, networking is about creating new relationships, not about self-promotion and job search. For a while I was mentoring young college graduates and I find that new generation of college students  are more interested in finding contacts in a company where they are seeking jobs, then looking for a mentor that can teach them what working life is all about and how it is different form being in school.  Not to mention that their lack of manners (saying thank you, sending a thank you note, or even staying in touch with their mentors) is non-existent).  And yes, manners do matter to me.  I personally consider it that if people do not have basic manners, they certainly should not consider themselves "professional" no matter what type of education or level of degree they have.  I also love to read on variety of topic.  I find it to be helpful in relating to all kinds of people of all backgrounds and ages.Read more0Comment|
          5 people found this helpful.
        
      Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse3.0 out of 5 starsWomen in TechByLeeanna ChetskoVINE VOICEon May 6, 2016Format: Hardcover|Vine Customer Review of Free Product( What's this? )WOMEN IN TECH is an advice/experience book for women and men who work in technology and/or related fields. The author of the advice sections, Tarah Wheeler Van Vlack, doesn’t make excuses for being a woman in tech. She admits that a woman faces biases, discusses those biases, and then gives tips on overcoming them.I say this is a good book for men to read because they might have those unconscious (or conscious) biases against women, and a book like this, that bluntly states things, might make it more understandable. It’s a good book for women, because I don’t often think about how my body language or how I sell myself differs from a guy, which can impact how interviewers/fellow employees see me. And so on.I didn’t find the contributor parts very interesting. They were all over the spectrum, and they didn’t add to the book for me. Instead, I prefered the main author’s writing style. I liked her dry humor and blunt voice.WOMEN IN TECH has some handy sections, such as how to tell a good job listing from a bad one, interviewing, and how to handle salary negotiations. The author also talks about how having children can impact one’s career, but I wish she had mentioned other forms of family obligations, such as taking care of aging parents. I also felt that the book was slanted more towards programmers/coders, which wasn’t as helpful for me, as that’s not my tech area.Read more0Comment|
          2 people found this helpful.
        
      Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseSee all verified purchase reviews (newest first)Write a customer review




Customer Images

See all customer images

Most Recent Customer Reviews5.0 out of 5 starsGreat advice for anyone getting started in techBest non-fiction I've read in a while. Each chapter is informative, engaging and entertaining, and unlike most non-fiction, I keep wanting to read more, instead of being ready...Read morePublished 1 month ago by Amy F5.0 out of 5 starsBuy a copy for everybody you know - get the word out!LOVED this book. As a male in the tech profession, I read the book with increasing horror at the inequities faced by women and realized that only by raising awareness of material...Read morePublished 3 months ago by William Mitchell4.0 out of 5 starsFour StarsPractical guide full of good life advice and many easily relatable stories.Published 4 months ago by Jill M. Woyak5.0 out of 5 starsExcellent guide for allExcellent book and useful for the guys in the audience also.  As a potential cybersecurity new entrant when I retire from a Federal law enforcement career, these types of books...Published 4 months ago by Amazon Customer4.0 out of 5 starsWorth Your TimeThis is a gem of a book: Tarah Wheeler's collection of industry insights and experiences, cultivated from her expansive track-record in addition to the voices of other...Read morePublished 5 months ago by Ruth5.0 out of 5 starsA must read if you are looking for a job in techFull disclosure I am a friend of Tarah’s and author of Inside the Tech Interview. Tarah wrote a chapter in my book, she also mentions my book in hers, and I have worked with her...Read morePublished 5 months ago by Michael Reinhardt5.0 out of 5 starsRecommended read for everyone in techI initially read this book because I was interested in the problems women face in tech. But this isn't just a book about women in tech, it's a book about tech - written by women.Read morePublished 6 months ago by Amazon Customer5.0 out of 5 starsA great career guide for all genders!Tarah Wheeler's tech industry guidebook is valuable reading for both men and women, but also for anyone of any ethnicity, gender, orientation, religion or other characteristic who...Read morePublished 6 months ago by Paul J. Furio5.0 out of 5 starsInteresting, useful, and thoughtfulThis is a fantastic book full of stories from women in technology about what they do and why they are there. What works, what doesn't. Problems, workarounds and solutions.Read morePublished 6 months ago by Chris Marlowe5.0 out of 5 starsBy Women, For EveryoneOf the techie career advice books I've read, this is the only one I gleefully recommend to people who are interested in getting into tech, and advancing their careers in the tech...Read morePublished 6 months ago by Peat BakkeSearch Customer ReviewsSearch





Set up an Amazon Giveaway








Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. Learn more about Amazon Giveaway


This item: Women in Tech: Take Your Career to the Next Level with Practical Advice and Inspiring Stories


Set up a giveaway











What Other Items Do Customers Buy After Viewing This Item?










Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead
Hardcover

Sheryl Sandberg


4.5 out of 5 stars

4,066

$14.89 Prime









Innovating Women: The Changing Face of Technology
Paperback

Vivek Wadhwa


4.9 out of 5 stars

32

$16.99 Prime









Cracking the Coding Interview: 189 Programming Questions and Solutions
Paperback

Gayle Laakmann McDowell


4.6 out of 5 stars

346

$26.96 Prime













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started
















