





From #1  bestselling author Tim Ferriss





Tools of Titans
the tactics, routines, and habits of billionaires, icons, and world-class performers



 







 available everywhere! click a retailer below.
(For bulk hardcover purchases (50+ copies), please click here.)



 
Click here for International (Non-USA) Retailers




About
Intro
Foreword
Media Room
 








About the Author
TIM FERRISS has been listed as one of Fast Company's "Most Innovative Business People," one of Forbes's "Names You Need to Know," and one of Fortune's "40 under 40." He is an early-stage technology investor/advisor (Uber, Facebook, Shopify, Duolingo, Alibaba, and 50+ others) and the author of four #1 New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestsellers, including The 4-Hour Workweek and his latest, Tools of Titans: The Tactics, Routines, and Habits of Billionaires, Icons, and World-Class Performers. The Observer and other media have called Tim "the Oprah of audio" due to the influence of The Tim Ferriss Show podcast, which has exceeded 100 million downloads and has been selected for "Best of iTunes" three years running.







about tools of titans
from the author


"For the last two years, I’ve interviewed nearly two hundred world-class performers for my podcast, The Tim Ferriss Show. The guests range from super celebs (Jamie Foxx, Arnold Schwarzenegger, etc.) and athletes (icons of powerlifting, gymnastics, surfing, etc.) to legendary Special Operations commanders and black-market biochemists. For most of my guests, it’s the first time they've agreed to a two-to-three-hour interview, and this unusual depth has led to more than 100 million downloads."
Tools of Titans contains the distilled tools, tactics, and inside baseball you won’t find anywhere else. It also includes new tips from past guests, and life lessons from new ‘guests’ you haven’t met.
What makes the podcast and this book different is a relentless focus on actionable details. This is reflected in the questions. For example: What do these people do in the first sixty minutes of each morning? What do their workout routines look like, and why? What books have they gifted most to other people? What are the biggest wastes of time for novices in their field? What supplements do they take on a daily basis?

I don’t view myself as an interviewer. I view myself as an experimenter. If I can’t test something and replicate results in the messy reality of everyday life, I’m not interested.
Everything within these pages has been vetted, explored, and applied to my own life in some fashion. I’ve used dozens of the tactics and philosophies in high-stakes negotiations, high-risk environments, or large business dealings. The lessons have made me millions of dollars and saved me years of wasted effort and frustration.
I wrote Tools of Titans, my ultimate notebook of high-leverage tools, for myself. It’s changed my life, and I hope the same for you."









 available everywhere! click a retailer below.
(For bulk hardcover purchases (50+ copies), please click here.)



 
Click here for International (Non-USA) Retailers





Powered by WordPress.com VIP



















