









Skip to main content








Media Guide
About Us
Contact Us
 Advertise



FacebookTwitterRSSYoutubeLinkedIn





















Use (" ") For Exact Search 








Use (" ") For Exact Search

Doha

 

Clear sky
Temperature: 13 °C


      Reported on:
      Sat, 2017-02-18 21:00    

















Main menu

HomeNEWS & STORIESBanking & InsuranceBusinessEconomyEducation & CultureEnergy, Oil & GasEnvironment & SecurityHealthcareNGOProjects & Real EstateSportsTelecom, IT & MediaTourism & TransportEventsPhotosVideosARCHIVE 































Top Stories






Previous
Pause
Next





  
 QLC and Rice University’s Baker Institute gather government and private sector leaders 
 18 February 2017 
 The Energy and Economic Diversification Policies Roundtable, organized by Qatar Leadership Centre (QLC) and Rice University’s Baker Institute in cooperation with the Ministry of... 
 Read more 



  
 QDB showcases 10 local companies at Middle East Electricity exhibition in Dubai 
 18 February 2017 
 As part of its efforts to support and develop the private sector industries on local, regional, and international levels, Qatar Development Bank (QDB) showcased 10 local small and... 
 Read more 



  
 Brazil’s future Olympic heroes arrive in Doha for world-class training camp 
 18 February 2017 
 Athletes from the Qatar Olympic Committee’s (QOC) Shine project have arrived in Doha ahead of a world-class athletics training camp at the globally-renowned Aspire Academy. The... 
 Read more 



  
 Commercial Bank wins Investor Relations award 
 18 February 2017 
 Commercial Bank, Qatar’s first private bank, has won the best Investor Relations award for mid-cap companies at the Qatar Stock Exchange’s 2nd Annual Investor Relations Excellence... 
 Read more 








 



QLC and Rice University’s Baker Institute gather... 



    18 February 2017  





 



QDB showcases 10 local companies at Middle East... 



    18 February 2017  





 



Brazil’s future Olympic heroes arrive in Doha for... 



    18 February 2017  





 



Commercial Bank wins Investor Relations award 



    18 February 2017  






 
















Subscribe To Our Newsletter




Daily news directly to your inbox



Please enter a valid email

Submit






 





 













 








Latest News





 NAMA participates in the 2017 Qatar Total Open... 

 The First Investor awarded Best GCC Equity Fund... 

 HBKU holds Women in Leadership in Qatar colloquium 

 Diversification will lead to new strategic... 

 Qumra 2017 to screen works of the Masters and... 

 UCQ expands high-tech nursing education... 

 QU collaborates in roundtable on energy and... 

 Seib runs for a healthier tomorrow 

 HMC’s OHS leads international research effort... 

 Opening of the highly anticipated Picasso-... 

 EFG Bank Monaco respond to early upset with... 

 Difi discusses poverty eradication at UN 

 Ministry of Education to evaluate all University... 

 Qatar Total Open: Cibulkova first to semis with... 

 Qatar Oman Investment Co discloses its financial... 

 Real estate trading volume in Qatar exceeds QR... 

  Police claim Qatar Volleyball League title 

 Various activities in Kahramaa celebrating of... 

 KidzMondo Doha embraces a day of fun filled... 

 Omani sailing in fine form as Team Renaissance... 

 Save the Dream and Sasol join forces on National... 

 Fifty One East and Sony bring the compact 50x... 

 al khaliji takes part in National Sport Day 

 University League semi-finals to take place this... 

 InterContinental Residence donates to Qatar... 

 HE Mr Salah bin Ghanim Al-Ali named CSR Person of... 

 International spine orthopedic surgeon to visit... 

 Competition sparks as eight crews set sail for... 

 Girard-Perregaux to display exquisite... 

 QIC Insured launches Qatar’s largest insurance... 


 
























 Banking & Insurance 
 


  
 The First Investor awarded Best GCC Equity Fund at the MENA Fund Manager Performance Awards 
 The First Investor (TFI), the leading Qatari Islamic investment banking firm, a subsidiary of Barwa Bank Group, has...  

 
 

  
 Diversification will lead to new strategic alliances... 

 QDB showcases 10 local companies at Middle East Electricity... 

 Seib runs for a healthier tomorrow 
 
  



 Education & Culture 
 


  
 QLC and Rice University’s Baker Institute gather government and private sector leaders 
 The Energy and Economic Diversification Policies Roundtable, organized by Qatar Leadership Centre (QLC) and Rice...  

 
 

  
 HBKU holds Women in Leadership in Qatar colloquium 

 UCQ expands high-tech nursing education facilities in line... 

 QU collaborates in roundtable on energy and economic... 
 
  



 Telecom, IT & Media 
 


  
 Qumra 2017 to screen works of the Masters and captivating films by New Voices in Cinema 
 Qumra 2017, the third edition of the industry development event organised by the Doha Film Institute, will screen a...  

 
 

  
 Vodafone engages the community in Qatar National Sports Day 

 Qumra 2017 to nurture 34 projects from 25 countries... 

 Intelligent network automation will be a game changer in... 
 
  





 Business 
 


  
 Qatar Oman Investment Co discloses its financial statements for 2016 
 Qatar Oman Investment Co. disclosed its financial statements for the period ended on December 31, 2016, a press release...  

 
 

  
 KidzMondo Doha embraces a day of fun filled activities for... 

 Fifty One East and Sony bring the compact 50x super zoom... 

 Souq Waqif Boutique Hotels unveils National Sports Day... 
 
  



 Tourism & Transport 
 


  
 Alfardan Group successfully organizes its 6th annual Sports Day celebration 
 Alfardan Group held its 6th company-wide Sports Day event yesterday at the Ali Bin Hamad Al Attiyah Arena. The...  

 
 

  
 Nakilat celebrates National Sports Day 2017 

 Qatar Airways launches service to Skopje 

 Qatar Airways welcomes world’s best in women’s tennis at... 
 
  



 Energy, Oil & Gas 
 


  
 Various activities in Kahramaa celebrating of National Sport Day 
 Qatar General Electricity and Water Corporation “KAHRAMAA” has celebrated National Sport Day on Tuesday February 14,...  

 
 

  
 Qatar says oil market can cope with higher shale output 

 QP President and CEO visits Saudi Aramco 

 A Special event of Engineer’s Day at Kahramaa 
 
  




 







 











 Healthcare 
 


  
 HMC’s OHS leads international research effort focused on quality and safety in women’s imaging 
 Hamad Medical Corporation’s (HMC) Occupational Health and Safety Department (OHS) is leading an initiative to assess...  

 
 

  
 No case of whooping cough among adolescents 

 International spine orthopedic surgeon to visit Hamad... 

 The Ministry of Public Health launches its Start Now... 
 
  



 Sports 
 


  
 Brazil’s future Olympic heroes arrive in Doha for world-class training camp 
 Athletes from the Qatar Olympic Committee’s (QOC) Shine project have arrived in Doha ahead of a world-class athletics...  

 
 

  
 EFG Bank Monaco respond to early upset with victory in... 

 Options open for FIFA Club World Cup 2021 in Qatar 

 Qatar Total Open: Cibulkova first to semis with 400th win 
 
  



 NGO 
 


  
 NAMA participates in the 2017 Qatar Total Open for women's tennis 
 NAMA Center, one of Qatar Foundation for Social Work’s Centers, recently participated in the Qatar Total Open women's...  

 
 

  
 Difi discusses poverty eradication at UN 

 New corporate and schools triathlon championships added at... 

 Bedaya holds Show & Tell luxury projects forum 
 
  





 Economy 
 


  
 QNBFS: GIS stock price may rebound as crude prices recover 
 The stock price of Gulf International Services (GIS) is expected to rebound this year with visible recovery in crude...  

 
 

  
 Niger’s president seeks Qatari investments 

 Population of Qatar by nationality - 2017 report 

 Brazilian GCC Trade registers remarkable performance in 2016 
 
  



 Projects & Real Estate 
 


  
 The Pearl-Qatar supports maritime legacy with EFG Sailing Arabia The Tour 
 With Sailing Arabia – The Tour 2017 (SATT) hitting the water this week, the GCC prepares for two weeks of unmissable...  

 
 

  
 Minister of Municipality and Environment urges intensifying... 

 Real estate trading volume in Qatar exceeds QR 231 Million... 

 Msheireb Properties employees celebrate National Sports Day 
 
  



 Environment & Security 
 


  
 QGBC experts explore significance of Qatar’s architectural heritage with NU-Q students 
 Qatar Green Building Council (QGBC) specialists, Dr. Alex Amato and Dr. Cynthia Skelhorn, recently organized a series...  

 
 

  
 First lunar eclipse of 2017 in Qatar 

 June-end deadline set to remove labour camps in farms 

 Residency law allows transfer of employees 
 
  




 












Art Events







  
 Picasso - Giacometti Exhibition 
 Thursday, February 23, 2017 - 08:00 to Sunday, May 21, 2017 - 08:00  



  
 Imperial Threads: Motifs and artisans from Turkey, Iran and India 
 Wednesday, March 15, 2017 - 08:00 to Saturday, November 4, 2017 - 08:00  




 
















Popular News





  
 QLC and Baker Institute organize 1st Energy and Economic...  

  
 Intelligent network automation will be a game changer in...  

  
 Qatar Airways welcomes world’s best in women’s tennis at...  

  
 Qatar Airways launches service to Skopje  

  
 Diabetics cautioned about importance of foot care in cold...  

 


Events





  
 MXGP of Qatar  

  
 CHI Al Shaqab 2017  

  
 Qatar Running Series Star Edition 2017 - Pisces Challenge  

  
 Secrets of the Simpsons  

  
 QITCOM 2017  

 


Latest News





  
 NAMA participates in the 2017 Qatar Total Open for women...  

  
 The First Investor awarded Best GCC Equity Fund at the MENA...  

  
 HBKU holds Women in Leadership in Qatar colloquium  

  
 Diversification will lead to new strategic alliances...  

  
 Qumra 2017 to screen works of the Masters and captivating...  

 


 














Picture Of The Week





 








live currencies



 




Video Of The Week







 








 





Tweets by @twitterapi 
















Search form

Search this site 



Search for 
-Any-ArticlePhotoVideo







 
▲















Pictures Of The Week






   



   



   





   



   



   




 







SUBSCRIBE

Newsletter
RSS Feeds
 




QUICK LINKS

Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
Media Guide
 










NEWS & STORIES

Banking & Insurance
Business
Economy
Education & Culture
Energy, Oil & Gas
Environment & Security
 











Healthcare
NGO
Projects & Real Estate 
Sports
Telecom, IT & Media
Tourism & Transport
 










Newsletter

Hey! Get Nesite good news straight to your email.

Submit






Social

FacebookTwitterRSSFlick





 









Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Copyright © 2017 ME Business Wire Ltd. All rights reserved.









