



 






Register | Login 



Loading


Home 
About

About Us 
Contact 


Start

Start Here 
Submit Hack 


Hacks

Accessories 
Art 
Bathroom

Laundry 


Bedroom

Headboards 
Wardrobes 


Business 
Children 
Craft 
Dining 
Fabrics 
Kitchen

Bars 


Landing

Mudroom 
Shoe Storage 


Lighting 
Living Room

Cabinets & Sideboards 
Coffee & Side Tables 
Room Divider 


Media Storage 
Miscellaneous 
Outdoor 
Pet Furniture 
Secondary Storage 
Work Station 
Wall Décor 
3D Print 


Ideas

Accessories 
Bathroom 
Bedroom 
Children 
Coffee Table 
Craft 
Dining 
Kitchen 
Landing 
Lighting 
Living room 
Media storage 
Outdoor 
Pet furniture 
Seating 
Shelving 
Storage 
Wall decor 
Wardrobe 
Work station 


Search 

NavigationHomeAboutStartHacksIdeas 



















Bathroom



Published on February 9th, 2017 |

                by Contributor
3



Amy & Paul’s GUNNERN bathroom cabinet hack







The goal: to create a custom cabinet for our tiny 1950s pink bathroom. We have limited room, and the layout is as unfavorable as possible — with no inner wall space available for an additional, large medicine cabinet. Also, there’s the horrible color issue. The bathroom is a fleshy pink. We finally gave up the Victorian lace shower curtain and the flowery pink walls, and tried to transition to a less eye-searing palette, so the new pennyround tiles we added a few years ago — in pink, white, and various shades of gray — gave us the idea to go gray on the walls. But we were still stumped as to how to get more storage room in there. We went to Ikea for some inspiration.

Photo: IKEA.com

I immediately fell in love with the hot aqua Gunnern cabinet at Ikea (photo above). But it wasn’t enough cabinet. Also, it didn’t come in any other color, and we couldn’t afford to retile the entire bathroom. I decided that aqua could be our ‘pop’ of color in there, and immediately started buying towels, mats, toiletry-holding vases, etc., in that same shade, as accent pieces.
Now that the color issue was resolved, we measured our only available wall, which is across from the toilet, above a towel bar and half tile wall, and on the right, it butts up directly against the tiles of the shower. We’re further limited by the bathroom door, which opens onto that wall, making fully half the wall effectively useless; you can’t put anything as deep as a cabinet on the half of the wall that would prevent the door from opening. Upon measuring, I was delighted that, even with the door fully opened onto that wall, we had room for two Gunnerns! BUT…how awkward that would be: with both doors open at once, the right-hand cabinet’s door blocks your access to the left-hand cabinet. And sometimes you want to have the whole cabinet open at once!
So my husband and I hatched a scheme to create a single cabinet from two Gunnerns, one in which both doors would open from the center outwards, like an ordinary double-doored cabinet.
1) We constructed the first Gunnern exactly as instructed. That would be the left-hand cabinet, whose hinged-arm door opens to the left.
2) On the second cabinet, we carefully removed the door by loosening and removing the door armature’s hardware.

3) We then measured the location of the holes for the door armature carefully. The holes are on the fixed shelves, so we noted exactly how far they are from the side and how far from the back.

4) Protecting the finish of the shelves with cardboard, we created dimples in the metal with a hammer and awl, to prepare for drilling.
5) We then used a small-space (right-angle) drill attachment to create new holes on the right side of the fixed shelves. The cardboard not only protects the finish; it also helped keep the drill from skittering around on the slick surface.

6) We re-attached the door and armature in the new holes on the right. Et voilà, we were finished!
The finished product has been extremely satisfying! An unexpected bonus is that I can open the right-hand cabinet while I’m in the shower, and thus have a handy shower mirror if I ever need one for applying some sort of beauty goop to hair or face!
 
I’ve included photos from the other side of the bathroom, so you can see how the accent color fits in. In the second one of those, you can just see the Gunnern reflected in the original 1958 medicine cabinet over the sink.


We even painted part of the bar light fixture over the sink in that bright Gunnern color, which adds some whimsy. And it’s amazing to have so much more storage space in that bathroom!
~ Amy and Paul



Hackers Help: Old IKEA wardrobe – what’s its name?


Reliable Appliance Garage out of 2 MULIG shelf units











Related Posts




Stretch Godmorgan bathroom remodel →






Laundry room hack →






METOD Laundry Room →






Custom bamboo bathroom furniture with GODMORGON →






The Author


Contributor This post was contributed by a reader. Please see credits at the end of the post. To submit your own hack, please click here.












3 Responses to Amy & Paul’s GUNNERN bathroom cabinet hack




 jose says: 

			February 9, 2017 at 1:50 pm 
You could have just as easily installed it upside down. with new hole sin the back or just using the ones already there with some washers.


Reply 





 mut says: 

			February 10, 2017 at 8:19 am 
No she couldn’t. All the shelves would be upside down and the handle on the door would be on top. That would be awful. It looks great the way she did it.


Reply 





 Amy says: 

			February 10, 2017 at 12:32 pm 
Not really, Jose: the shelves have a lip at the front of them. If you want to take advantage of that (it keeps things from falling off the front if they’re too close to the edge), you can’t install the unit upside down. Also, mounting it upside down puts the handle at the top. Completely out of reach for short people!


Reply 






Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 You may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>  




 





Back to Top ↑

 





Most popular 

Stylish tool storage from an IKEA Rast dresser


Teddy Cubby and Reading Corner


An IKEA TROFAST rolling LEGO table


Slim Mid-Century Laptop Desk


IKEA Ultralight Backpacking pack


Industrial BILLY bookcase with hidden Murphy bed for teddy


Tall elegant IKEA MALSJO glass cabinet


The ALGOT Radiator Cover


Sneaky Ekby Alex tool cabinets


KALLAX Side-by-Side Drawer Conversion


 





Recommended for you 



 





 





 





FREE 20 Best IKEA Hacks ebook. Get it here!

Email Address 



First Name 






 








 





 

Hack of the Year 2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Ideas of the Year

 View all: Posts in chronological order
Support IKEAHackers! Click here to start your Amazon shopping!










 










Connect with me 


Join the IH community 


 
+ Register Now







Explore Archives 
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006












COPYRIGHT @ 2017 - 2018 IKEAHACKERS.NET | IKEA is a registered trademark of Inter-IKEA Systems B.V. | IKEAhackers is a fan-run website and is NOT related to IKEA, IKEA.com or the IKEA Group. Any and all links to IKEA.com are presented for reader convenience only and do not imply IKEA's approval of this website and/or the modification of its products. IKEA and IKEAhackers.net are not liable for any product failure, injury or damage resulting from the application of hacks featured on this site.


Home
About
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Contact




Back to Top ↑













We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok

















