







Elliot Bertram
Digital Marketing | Social Media | Recruitment





Menu
Skip to content
Blog
About
What am I up to?
 
Search




Search for:



 






Are LinkedIn about to update the company page? And what it means for job seekers 
August 18, 2016August 18, 2016 / Elliot Bertram  / Leave a comment



Having a browse as you do, I noticed LinkedIn has a different company page layout to others and the word “beta” in the URL seems to be a bit of a give away…

As with many LinkedIn updates sometimes they roll them out to users in batches, so go and take a look at LinkedIn’s page and let me know if you see the same thing. Alternatively, here is a quick summary of the main changes and how this may impact job seekers…
Overview – Learn More About Us


This seems to be the default section with the company summary coming first with the usual information, plus “affiliated companies” such as Lynda.com (useful for companies who are part of a group). The next sub-section promotes connections you know who work at the company, showcase pages and then the company updates, where the comments under posts are now hidden (you need to click into them, which currently reverts back to the old LinkedIn company page). There is also a “similar companies” section on the right-hand sidebar which is a good inclusion for job seekers who are researching potential employers.
Jobs – Explore New Opportunities

Pretty much the same as before but this section is now split into two: “Jobs match your skills” and “Jobs recently posted”. This seems like a useful addition for job seekers visiting a company page, where it automatically matches your skills with currently advertised jobs, trying to entice you to view and apply. I was a match to two jobs but sorry LinkedIn, I’m happy where I am! Additionally, there is a search facility underneath and employee insights, providing some statistics on the make-up of the company.

Life – Discover Our Culture

This seems to be an updated careers page, where (if a global company like LinkedIn) you can select from a drop down the geographical region in which you are interested in. Sub-sections include “Meet Our LinkedIn Leaders”, company information including links to reports and opportunities, as well as a “culture insights” section which provides statistics on “languages we speak”, “causes our employees care about” and “organisations our employees support”.

Final thoughts
These initial changes in “Beta” seem to be welcome additions and certainly makes it easier for a job seeker to engage with and apply for a position with a company via their page. I really like the fact that it constantly reminds you of who you are already connected with in the company and that it provides some really useful information, mainly in the form of meet the company’s leaders, employee and cultural insights, which would be essential for any job seeker researching a company. Lastly, the automated matching of your skills to live jobs makes it extremely enticing to view the matched jobs and may perhaps attract passive candidates to apply when they are just “having a browse”.
What do you think? Do you like the new layout? Will these changes boost company job applications? Does this help you as a job seeker?
I’d love to hear your thoughts.




How to verify your Twitter account 
July 20, 2016 / Elliot Bertram  / Leave a comment



Twitterholics rejoice…
Users now have the chance to get their Twitter account verified and obtain the famous blue verified badge. The blue badge on Twitter lets people know that an account of public interest is authentic, and is usually reserved for high standing people in government, politics, religion, business, media and sports, as well as those much loved celebrities.
What’s the point?
Personally, from an individual’s point of view the verified blue badge is perhaps just another online vanity project and a ‘nice to have’, seeing as Twitter had ultimate say on who originally could be verified. There is an approval process (see below) so I presume not everyone, without a good reason, will be verified. If so, this may be a good way to strengthen your personal brand and credibility on Twitter.
For businesses using Twitter this could become a must have, a bit like verifying your local business on Google. If your business relies on Twitter to engage with customers then becoming verified should probably go on your lists of things to do, especially if your competitors are doing so also.
How to get verified
In order to get individual or company Twitter account verified, you will need to provide the following information:

A verified phone number
A confirmed email address
A bio
A profile photo
A header photo
A birthday (for accounts that are not company, brand, or organisation accounts)
A website
Tweets set as public in Tweet privacy settings.

Once you’ve completed all of the above you can then submit your request to be verifiedhere. Twitter will ask you to provide at least two URLs (such as your website, LinkedIn, Facebook etc.) to cross-check the account and will ask for you to tell them why you should be verified. Reasons could include: growing your brand, strengthening your credibility, ensuring your audience/customers know that your account is official (handy for those who have had issues with copycat accounts) or just because the competition are doing it.
It will be interesting to see how strict/lenient Twitter are with applications, as there still needs to be an element of exclusivity for it to mean anything at all.
What do you think? Is there any point? Will you bother getting your personal or business account verified? Please feel free to comment below or follow me on Twitter, although I’m not verified…yet.




Personal Branding Tips For Your Job Search 
May 17, 2016May 17, 2016 / Elliot Bertram 


I recently attended an event where one of the speakers got the audience on their feet and slowly made people sit down by answering his questions, until he whittled it down to one person left standing. He then, to their shock/amazement, revealed their name and picture on the large screen behind.
This was possible because with just a name and job title you can potentially find all sorts of information about a person online… and it still concerns me how many people allow unflattering information about them to be readily available to the world! So if you are conducting your job search, ensure a recruiter or hiring manager sees a healthy online presence and a positive reflection of your character – which is ultimately an extension of your CV.
Find yourself – have a search
Get to know yourself a bit better – do you know how you appear in search results online? Go and have a search on Google or Bing (yes, some people do use it), but make sure you do it in incognito/private mode (Chrome/IE), which will give a more accurate view of how you appear on search results, as searches are tailored to your individual habits and history.
WhatsApp with your profile picture?
Have you allowed your smartphone apps to talk to one another and share information? Well, the recruiter or hiring manager you just connected with on LinkedIn may automatically pop into your WhatsApp contact list. A minor thing but be mindful of your profile picture and of course, think about your “I hate going to work” status update before it becomes visible to all your contacts and your boss.
What privacy?
Make sure you are familiar with Facebook’s privacy settings and that they are up-to-date so that no one can view pictures of you the night you had one too many and embarrassed yourself. Also be aware that some comments left in public Facebook groups can also appear in search results – find them and delete them if necessary. Please also be aware of the privacy settings for Instagram and of course, Snapchat.
Tweet your way to success
Twitter is a great way to demonstrate that you are passionate about your chosen career so make sure your bio is up-to-date and get tweeting about industry specific topics and news. But once again, if you don’t want your tweets to be visible then I suggest making your account private. Remember, a public profile’s tweets also show up in search results on Google!
LinkedIn quality
As a professional networking site think before you comment on a post or like a picture of Leonardo Di Caprio/Jordan Belfort with a clichéd motivational post – your interactions are shared with your whole network so be mindful of how you are being perceived (manage your privacy settings here). Also, get connecting to grow your network but make sure connections are relevant to your industry – quality over quantity every time.
There’s a hint in the name
LinkedIn Slideshare ranks quite highly in searches so if you have any previous work or presentations which you can brag about then upload them to LinkedIn Slideshare. Share your account as you never know who might see your work – they might be impressed!
A great sign off
Have you set up your email signature on your personal email address, including your contact details, links to social networks and your website (if you have one)? Put simply, it gives a great impression to whoever you are corresponding with – perhaps even your future boss.
You’re in control
Be visible but ensure you are always in control of what everyone sees. Your personal brand needs to be consistent across all channels as you cannot afford to take any chances, especially when it comes to your job search. Always think, “would I mind this post or information being shared on the front page of a newspaper”? Recruiters – this applies to you also!
I hope these tips help you to take control of your personal brand, and on a personal note, I am currently waging an online personal presence war against another Elliot Bertram who really digs big fish – go on, have a Google.




Vision of the Future 
October 21, 2015October 21, 2015 / Elliot Bertram  / Leave a comment



I’m not the world’s biggest fan but I remember watching and enjoying Back to The Future as a child. My love of technology, as well as a video I have come across during my studies, has definitely brought significance to this day.
The day in question, 21st October 2015, is where Marty McFly travels to the future to save his children from ruining their lives. Now that the day is finally here, there has already been extensive media coverage on the film’s product placement as well as in depth analysis of its predictions for the future. To save you some time, here’s a quick snapshot as to what the film got right/wrong…
Right: Wearable technology (Google Glass), plasma TVs, video calls, biometrics, automation.
Wrong: Time travel, hoverboards, flying cars, the Internet, Jaws 19(!).
Today is important to get us thinking about the future of technology, especially because of the major advances we have witnessed over the last few years and since the birth of the Internet. According to Moore’s Law we are in for some fascinating and fast-paced developments in the near future.
So, what will the future hold? Driverless cars? Contact lens technology? Robots taking some jobs? Planet colonisation? Anything is possible.
BT’s Vision of the Future
Anyway, the main reason I wrote this blog was because “Back to the Future Day” reminded me of BT’s Vision of the Future video, which I wanted to share with you. For its time I think it did a much better job of correctly guessing the arrival of video calls and Google Maps. Anyway, enough of me, enjoy…

What do you think will be the most radical technological advances in the future?





Elliot on TwitterMy Tweets 




Elliot BertramLondon 


Blog at WordPress.com.
















Post to



Cancel







 








 









