


Skip to main content










DONATE
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER




Search form

Search 





 








Saturday, February 18, 2017



Home
World
War & Peace
Economy
Climate
Rights
Solutions
U.S.
Canada








 House Committee Votes to Terminate Agency that Protects Voting Machines from Hacking
 

 0 CommentsFor Immediate Release
Tuesday, February 7, 2017 - 1:30pmBrennan Center for JusticeContact: Erik Opsal at erik.opsal@nyu.edu or 646-292-8356.House Committee Votes to Terminate Agency that Protects Voting Machines from Hacking
WASHINGTON - Today, the House Administration Committee, by a 6-3 vote, approved the Election Assistance Commission (EAC) Termination Act.
The bill would eliminate the EAC, an independent government agency that sets security standards for voting machines and functions as a clearinghouse for election administration, among other duties.
The Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law released the following statement from Democracy Program Director Wendy Weiser:
“This bill would kill the one federal agency charged with upgrading our voting systems, helping to protect our elections from hacking. At a time when the vast majority of the country’s voting machines are outdated and in need of replacement, and after an election in which foreign criminals already tried to hack state voter registration systems, eliminating the EAC poses a risky and irresponsible threat to our election infrastructure.”
Reads the Brennan Center letter’s urging the committee to reject the bill.
In 2016, 42 states used voting machines that were at least a decade old, which is perilously close to the end of most systems’ expected lifespans. Old voting equipment can have serious security and reliability flaws.###The Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law is
a non-partisan public policy and law institute that focuses on
fundamental issues of democracy and justice. Our work ranges from
voting rights to redistricting reform, from access to the courts to
presidential power in the fight against terrorism.Organization Links
Brennan Center for JusticeShare This Article


Related Articles




Scrutiny for Supreme Court Pick Fails to Focus on Rights of Disabled






With Mulvaney in Place, Budget Office Preps 'Hit List' on Public Programs






The Same Republicans Who Pushed For Invasive Surveillance Are Complaining About It Now






When Women Speak Out for All





More in: U.S., Voting, Brennan Center for Justice, US House, US Congress, Republican Party


Top Comments


(Click to see more comments or to join the conversation)







Today's Views




  
 Susan Quinn, Joyce Antler, et al. 
 When Women Speak Out for All  

  
 Dave Johnson 
 This Isn’t Just Trump. This Is Who the Republicans Are.  

  
 Lee Rowland, Vera Eidelman 
 Where Protests Flourish, Anti-Protest Bills Follow  

  
 Janine Jackson 
 Scrutiny for Supreme Court Pick Fails to Focus on Rights of Disabled  

  
 Elizabeth Goitein 
 The Same Republicans Who Pushed For Invasive Surveillance Are Complaining About It Now  

  
 Sonali Kolhatkar 
 Why Donald Trump and the GOP Can’t Repeal Obamacare  

  
 Christopher Brauchli 
 Trump, Tillerson, and Elliott Abrams  

  
 Jud Lounsbury 
 Trump’s Timeline with Russia: Stranger Than Fiction  

  
 Robert C. Koehler 
 Resisting Trump: The Great American Awakening  

  
 Bill Moyers, Michael Winship 
 Republicans, Where’s the Backbone?  

  
 Dean Baker 
 Paul Ryan Has a Plan to Take Away Insurance from Tens of Millions of People  

  
 Laura Bonham, Garrett Jennings 
 Is Trump’s Billionaire Cabinet Actually A Closet Full of Fascists?  



    More Views  

 







News That Matters









 

Lawmakers Feel the Heat as Resistance Shows Up in Droves to Town Halls 



 

With Mulvaney in Place, Budget Office Preps 'Hit List' on Public Programs 



 

Hundreds Form 'Human Wall' in Mexico to Protest Trump 



 

Thousands in the Streets Nationwide as Weekend of Action Kicks Off 




 





 

Sparking 'The Fight of a Lifetime,' Senate Puts Fossil Fuel Ally at Helm of EPA 



 

To Resist and Reclaim, Hundreds of Recess Events Planned to Target Lawmakers 



 

'Truths Not Tweets': Protesters Greet Trump at Boeing Plant 



 

Planting Seed for Strikes in the Trump Era, #Strike4Democracy Sweeps Nation 



 

NYT: AG Sessions Must Appoint Special Prosecutor for Trump-Russia Ties  



 

 'Egregious Cover-Up': After Ruling on Pruitt Emails, Dems Demand Vote Delay 






    More News  

 


Further




 For Mirth Becomes A Feast: Tiny Trump Draws As Finland Battles Moldova For Coveted Second Place 
  
 Presser/Russia/Enemy of the American people got you down? Soothe your soul with the enterprising global ridicule raining down on our orange pretender. The Trump trolling, savage to antic, takes new forms daily: Trump Draws, Tiny Trump, Fine Tuned Machine and, now, an entire website of countries from Namibia to Armenia to Iran battling for #2 after America becomes #1 again. Mars - "A sea on Venus? FAKE NEWS" - takes a shot, too. 
 Read More...  



    More Further  

 







Sign Up for Newsletter





 




 







Connect With Us 











About Common Dreams
Our Mission:To inform. To inspire.To ignite change for the common good.Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported.
About Common DreamsKey StaffWriters' GuidelinesThe Commons - Community GuidelinesPrivacy Policy 



Contact Us
Common DreamsP.O. Box 443Portland, ME 04112-0443USA
via Email:
EditorNews Tips?Article SubmissionsNews Release SubmissionsWebmaster / General Info
207.775.0488 (voice) 207.775.0489 (fax) 



Common Dreams brings you the news that matters.
DONATE 

Sign up for Newsletter
Click to Sign Up 

Connect With Us








  






