





















































News & Features



Latest News▶





Opinion▶





Features▶









Galleries▶






Topics▶



Investments
Alternative Investments
Bonds / Fixed Income
International Investing
REITs
Socially Conscious Investing




Insurance
Annuities
Health Care
Life Insurance
Variable Annuities




Broker-dealers
Independent Broker-dealers
Regional Brokerages
Wirehouses




Retirement
401(k)
Defined Benefit Plans
Defined Contribution Plans
IRAs
Social Security




Your Practice
Client Prospecting
Client Servicing
Staffing / Personnel
Succession Planning










Video




	INTV
Linda Riefberg: What advisers can expect from SEC and Finra examinations in 2017




EventsOrion aims for a total Eclipse to help advisers get ahead of robos




	Smarter in 60 Seconds
Factor Investing: Experience Counts




	Gadget Girl
Gadget Girl: The case of the robo-advisory accomplice




	The Secret Life of...
Secret Life: My passion is my family






Data & Resources










Fiduciary Focus
The DOL rule from all angles. Fiduciary Focus is your one-stop resource for learning how the DOL's fiduciary rule is changing the advice business.










B-D Data Center
Find out which firms offer the highest payouts, have the most reps in the field and generate the most revenue - or create your own custom rankings.










The Adviser Center
Before you change firms, make a new hire or explore an acquisition, visit the new InvestmentNews Adviser Center. 











People on the Move
Track the latest moves within the financial advisory industry, including new hires, board appointments and promotions.




More
Advisers on the MoveWhite Paper LibraryRIA Data CenterCE Quiz CenterData Library







Research










Adviser Research Dashboard
This interactive, customizable tool allows you to view detailed data on compensation, staffing and financial performance practices from across the industry. 










Adviser Technology
A comprehensive study highlighting the best technology practices of both your peers and top-performing advisory firms.










Financial Performance
Benchmark your business against the industry's best practices with the 2016 InvestmentNews Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firms.










Data Store
Visit the InvestmentNews Data Store to purchase adviser tools, studies and data spreadsheets.




More
Compensation & StaffingSuccession PlanningCustom Research







Events










Women to Watch
March 8, 2017 | New York. InvestmentNews honors female financial advisers and industry executives who are distinguished leaders at their firms.










Icons & Innovators
On April 3rd, InvestmentNews will honor this years Icons and Innovators recipients at our inaugural Icons and Innovators Awards luncheon at the Essex House in NYC.











Women Adviser Summit
April 26, 2017 Chicago | July 11, 2017 Boston | Nov. 9, 2017 San Francisco | For sophisticated female advisers who want to take their personal and professional self to the next level.










Retirement Income Summit
April 24-25, 2017 | Chicago. At the 11th annual Summit, learn the latest strategies to create a sustainable retirement for your clients.




More
WebcastsAlternative InvestmentsBest Practices






Subscribe














Author: 

- All -
Jeff Benjamin
Mary Beth Franklin
Greg Iacurci
Bruce Kelly
Mark Schoeff Jr.
Liz Skinner
John Waggoner









 Sections



News & Features 

Latest News
Opinion
Features
Galleries
Topics



Video 

INTV
ETF Exchange
Events
Practice Makeover
Wealthtrack



Data & Resources 

Fiduciary Focus
B-D Data Center
The Adviser Center
People on the Move
Advisers on the Move
White Paper Library
RIA Data Center
CE Quiz Center



Research & Studies 

Adviser Research Dashboard
Adviser Technology
Financial Performance
Data Store
Compensation & Staffing
Succession Planning
Custom Research



Events 

All Events
Women to Watch
Icons & Innovators
Women Adviser Summit
Retirement Income Summit
Webcasts
Alternative Investments
Best Practices































Most advisers' cybersecurity training insufficient
Firms would be better off with shorter, more frequent sessions for employeees





Feb 7, 2017 @ 10:55 am
By 
	Liz Skinner























+ Zoom




      Financial advisers should be spending about three times as much time training their staff each year on how to protect the firm and client data from cybersecurity dangers, experts said. About two-thirds of financial advisers spend two hours or less annually on cybersecurity training, according to a TD Ameritrade Institutional survey of advisers taken last year. One third of advisers are spending an hour or less.“Most firms do it only once a year and cram in an hour or two, and that's totally insufficient,” said Joel Bruckenstein, a financial industry technology consultant. “Training would be much better if it occurred more frequently for shorter periods.”
				



Firms generally should aim to provide about 30 minutes of training each month to everyone at the firm, going over the latest cyberscams that are going around and reminding everyone about safe online procedures and password safety, he said. About 6% of firms spend seven hours or more on cybersecurity training, the survey found. (More: Is cyber insurance worth the cost?)The cybersecurity guidance issued by the Security and Exchange Commission's Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations said employees can be a firm's first line of defense if they are properly trained to recognize suspicious activity and understanding the firm's procedures when it comes to reporting issues. Without proper training, though, employees can put a firm's data at risk, it said. Jared Hoffman, managing director of operations for Buckingham Strategic Wealth, said his firm recognizes the importance of training and hosts several mandatory sessions for employees every year, as well as additional specialized sessions every couple of months. “This is not a one-time thing. It's constantly evolving because there are new, big scams all the time,” he said.  Training that focuses on specific examples of, for instance, a social engineering email or a fake call from the Internal Revenue Service, are especially effective at making employees see their vulnerabilities and understanding the seriousness of the issue, he said. (More: Watch for this new cybersecurity scam, IRS warns)“We keep adapting the presentations to what's happening in the real world,” Mr. Hoffman said. Careless actions of employees are responsible for about 59% of cyberattacks on businesses, according to a recent study by Kapersky Labs. Last year Ameriprise Financial had to take action when one of its advisers was discovered to be putting client data at risk by synchronizing files from his office to his home in an unsecure way. The Minneapolis-based firm had to reach out to warn clients about the risk. About 3% of advisers said they've had firm-level or client data compromised because of a security breach, according to preliminary data from a recent InvestmentNews adviser technology benchmarking study. About 4% of advisers were not sure if data had been compromised, the study found. (More: What advisers can expect from an SEC exam)The areas that SEC examiners may look at when they evaluate a firm's cybersecurity preparedness focus on how training is tailored to specific job functions and how the training encourages employees to be responsible, the OCIE guide said. Brian Edelman, chief executive of Financial Computer Inc., said advisory firms should make sure they are following all the guidance from the SEC if they want to make it through an examination. “This isn't something the regulators are grading, they just want to see that you're acting on this,” he said. About half of advisory firms have documented cybersecurity training plans and procedures in place, the TD Ameritrade Institutional survey found.







0
Comments

What do you think?











Latest from InvestmentNews


Broker-dealers▶
Investments▶
Insurance▶
Regulation▶
Retirement▶

Technology▶
Your Practice▶
More Topics



















Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.











Related reads










8 social media etiquette mistakes firms should avoid














Robo-advice goes bilingual














Got client passwords? That means custody to SEC 














Merrill Lynch debuts robo-platform for clients with at least $5,000 to invest










Sponsored Financial News




Most Popular



1



Finra arbitration panel hits UBS with $9M award in Puerto Rican bond case





2



At Vanguard, customer complaints rise along with assets	





3



Justice Department seeks stay in Thrivent lawsuit against DOL fiduciary rule








Must Watch



IMCA's Sean Walters: The shift toward fiduciary investing won't stop

Featured VideoPreparing clients for lifes unexpected momentsSponsored by Prudential










X


Subscribe and Save 60%




Premium AccessPrint + Digital
Learn more
















Subscribe to Print
Newsletter Sign-up
Register





Now in print


This week's issue
To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here.
Past Issues
February 13, 2017
February 6, 2017
January 30, 2017


Subscribe to Print



Get daily news & intel

The pulse of the financial advisory industry.








Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox.
view all newsletters





Connect with us

Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data









Follow @newsfromIN
Follow @eventsfromIN
Follow @statsfromIN


Follow InvestmentNews
Financial Adviser Group
Retirement Income Summit Group
Alternative Investments Conference
40 Under 40


Like us on Facebook
Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews.



Latest News & Opinion
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews.











About
Contact
Staff
Help Center
Editorial Calendar
Media Kit
Reprints
Content Strategy Studio


Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions are applicable to you.  All rights reserved.









































