



 














Call us now +44 (0)20 7248 5942 or +44 (0)20 7489 7628

Follow us
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn





FM Training
Health & Safety Training
Learning & Development
SkillSet

                           
FM Qualifications




New Year 2017
Brochure Now Available

Click here


Bristol 2017 - a selection of our our popular courses 
			now available in Bristol for 2017 - 15% 
			reduction on course fees
Click here





 
 

		
 

        




















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


   







Welcome to BIFM Training

Trusted to deliver
BIFM Training has been delivering FM training since the British Institute of 
Facilities Management was formed in 1993.
Helping you to realise your potential
Our courses are designed to help facilities managers develop professionally 
and support them as they encounter new challenges throughout their career.
Professional recognition & credibility
As well as being the BIFMs own courses which contribute as evidence of CPD, 
many of our programmes are increasingly being recognised internationally, and by 
other institutes and awarding bodies, some leading to nationally recognised 
qualifications.
A team of expert trainers
We are proud of our FM training programme which has grown to support a 
changing profession with the help of our expert trainers, who are both subject 
specialists and experienced practitioners.
Customised in-house solutions
We have worked closely with hundreds of organisations in both the public and 
private sectors, in the UK and overseas, to deliver blended learning, coaching 
and mentoring in addition to carefully targeted training delivery  all designed 
to harness the best of BIFM Trainings expertise alongside your own internal 
learning programmes.


Read what attendees are saying about our training:
"Personally I would prefer to go with a provider that 
				has an excellent reputation and puts the trainees first in 
				ensuring their needs and aspirations are met  as you have done 
				for me. The service you have provided has been nothing short of 
				marvellous."
Warrant Officer, Royal Air Force











Our Partners










Understanding FM 
			course - 


A solid base of knowledge, techniques and reference 
			material for Facilities Managers



Click here 
  
28-30 March, 
			London




			Professional FM  Operational FM  [Intermediate Level]



			28 February - 2 March, London


Add value to the facilities management operation and 
			improve performance 

 Click 
			here



			Professional FM  Business & People  [Intermediate 
			Level]
			7-9 March, London

Building successful 
			relationships and commercial awareness. 



Click here




 What is CPD and why is it important?
Find Out Now and improve your career prospects today.




Company Address: 2 Burgon Street, London EC4V 5DR

+44 (0)20 7248 5942 
			or +44 (0)20 7489 7628  fax. 0207 489 8185 (Company Registration No. 2939410)



Data ManagementWe hold the 
			data on secure servers to enable us to:
			Process your registration (Event Management System)
			Advise on our range of services (Marketing Database).  Please 
			advise if you wish to opt out of the marketing database
			Your data will be shared with the relevant Awarding Organisation or 
			accredited body if your course is valid for formal assessment or 
			accreditation.
			Quadrilect Ltd is registered with the Information Commissioner's 
			Office




































































