







image/svg+xml



MAGAZINE
EVENTS
PAPERS
TOPICS
GOVTECH 100
SEARCH

















                    













Security













National Cybersecurity Center Works Quickly to Help its Clients Recover 
The center's Rapid Response Center helps businesses, nonprofits and government agencies cope with network security incidents. 


							 							    	    				    	    																																											    													    															

    	    																																											    							    															





        	    				    	    																																											    													    															
                                                                                                            																																				


    
                                      
                            
        
        
        
        
        
        
            

																																


                                                             																																				
 															by Wayne Heilman, The Gazette (Colorado Springs, Colo.)
													
 / 

															January 31, 2017
													


0







ncc.org/home

































































ncc.org/home(TNS) -- The National Cybersecurity Center in Colorado Springs has helped four clients recover from cyberattacks since mid-December, the center's CEO said.
Its Rapid Response Center helps businesses, nonprofits and government agencies cope with network security incidents. The victim of a recent phishing attack that resulted in the theft of more than 500 employee tax forms sought the Rapid Response Center's help in recovering from the security breach by improving education, training and awareness about cybersecurity threats and how to avoid becoming a victim, center CEO Ed Rios said.
The documents were stolen as a result of a fake email created to look like it is from a government agency seeking private financial information or log-in credentials needed to access such documents and file false income tax returns or engage in identity theft.
RELATEDTop Cybersecurity Firm in U.S. NamedNational Cybersecurity Center Aims to Share Intel Worldwide, Act as a BrokerState-Owned Center Puts Georgia at Forefront of Cybersecurity, Governor Says"Phishing attacks are becoming increasingly common and are all too often effective, as we just saw with our recent client," Rios said. "These scamming emails look very real and demand attention and scrutiny by every person who uses email. Requests for payroll information through email should be viewed with extreme caution."
The response center also helped a law firm, a midsized technical and manufacturing business and a federal agency response to hacker intrusions into their computer networks, including one in which hackers gained access through a business partner's network, Rios said. The National Cyber Exchange, a separate nonprofit also based in the Springs, operates the response center for the National Cybersecurity Center, but the cybersecurity center plans to eventually hire staff to take over the operation though the exchange will continue to be involved, he said.
The cybersecurity center also named Jenifer Furda as its chief operating officer, starting March 1. She will handle fundraising, administration, public relations and marketing as well as organize training events and conferences for the nonprofit. Furda is publisher of the Colorado Springs Business Journal and previously spent 12 years with the Greater Colorado Springs Chamber of Commerce as vice president of membership and events.
The cybersecurity center was created last year to help organizations combat cybersecurity threats, do research on such threats and educate public officials about cybersecurity.
The center is operating in temporary offices and is scheduled to move this year into its permanent home in a former TRW satellite plant.
©2017 The Gazette (Colorado Springs, Colo.) Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

RELATED
Top Cybersecurity Firm in U.S. Named
National Cybersecurity Center Aims to Share Intel Worldwide, Act as a Broker
State-Owned Center Puts Georgia at Forefront of Cybersecurity, Governor Says






0 COMMENTS






						MORE FROM Security
					














Securitywith Dan Lohrmann





Beyond Spear Phishing: How to Address Whaling and More


Could the Election Be Hacked?


5 Steps to Speeding Up Smart Government (by Slowing Down)


The Security Paradox


Can Cybercompetitions Help Grow Local Security Talent?



VISIT BLOG









 














					 						You may also like
					 					










Top Cybersecurity Firm in U.S. Named










					MAGAZINE
				


Government Technology January/February 2017
Read now

Subscribe









					NEWSLETTER
				


Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers.




Subscribe







					PAPER
				


Key Elements to Successful High Volume Distributed Card Issuance
Download




















© 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic

ABOUT
PRIVACY
CONTACT
ADVERTISE






















OUR NETWORK


  							CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION
  						



  							CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT
  						



  							DIGITAL COMMUNITIES
  						



  							EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT
  						



  							FUTURESTRUCTURE
  						



  							PUBLIC CIO
  						



  							INNOVATION NATION
  						









										LATEST ISSUE
									



										SUBSCRIBE
									



















