











Stickley on Security








Home
SOS ADVISOR
EMPLOYEE EDU
BadPhish
SOS EXECUTIVE
STICKLEY LIVE
ADVISOR DEMO





Sign Up!
Fraud News & Alerts Mailing List







      


	        








Don't have an account yet? Click Here













Identity TheftEducation & AwarenessFor Everybody
Regulators require employee / customer education.We make it easy!
Learn More





Employee EDUContinual EmployeeEducation & Awareness
Security threats are continually evolving.  Employee EDU ensures your staff evolves as well.
Learn More






Don't Just Simulate...
Actually Educate!

BadPhish
The Next Generation Phishing Simulator & Education Solution
Learn More





New Threats Every day!SoS AdvisorKeeps Customers Aware
 With SoS Advisor, everyday your website provides your customers the latest security news and alerts.
Learn More





Keep YourExecutivesInformed
Information security advisor designed specifically for board members and executives. 
Learn More





Conference or Meeting?Book Jim Stickley For Your Next Event
   Stickley is an entertaining cyber security expert who has spoken at hundreds of events around the world.
Learn More










What is SoS?

Your organization and its customers face identity theft risks every day. With SoS Advisor, Employee EDU, BadPhish and SoS Executive, Stickley on Security will dramatically reduce those risks while increasing your customer loyalty.

Learn More...


SoS Advisor

SoS Advisor was designed to address the customer security education and awareness needs of your organization. We understand that the security threats your customers face change daily. That's why SoS provides new content everyday specifically written for your customers.
Learn More...


BadPhish

Some of the biggest cyber security breaches in US history have started with a malicious email received by an unsuspecting employee.  Using his past 25 years of experience breaking into organizations, Stickley has created BadPhish, the definitive next generation phishing simulator and education solution.
Learn More...


Employee EDU

Potential new threats against your organization emerge daily.  Employee EDU is designed to ensure your staff is prepared.  
Through our monthly security education and awareness solution your staff will not only be trained about important security topics but also be made aware and tested on the latest security threats.
Learn More...










Fraud Education Made Easy!



When your customers and employees become victims of identity theft or fraud, it costs your organization time and money.
In many cases, the incident could have been easily avoided if not for small mistakes. Stickley on Security is dedicated to the advancement of security education and awareness through comprehensive multi-media content.  With new content released almost every day, your customers and employees will be kept aware of the latest security threats and what they can do to protect themselves and your organization.

When most people think of customer or employee education they generally think of a static web page that outlines basic security risks such as phishing attacks.  The problem is that criminals are continually evolving their scams and new types of vulnerabilities are discovered daily.  Static information simply becomes dated too quickly.  That's why Stickley on Security provides comprehensive, fully customizable education and awareness solutions.  SoS Advisor, our customer edcaution solution, can be integrated into any existing web page through just a single line of code and Employee EDU can be incorporated with an existing training program or used as your standalone education solution.

Now your organization can truly keep your customers and employees informed about the latest fraud risks and more importantly aware of what they can do to prevent falling victim.  
Learn More...







Upcoming Webinars



Sit in on one of our upcoming webinars to find out how SoS Advisor and Employee EDU can help your organization reduce fraud through education and awareness.  See the complete solutions and learn how they can also drive new web traffic and enhance your social media presence.

Click Here to register for a webinar that fits your schedule.









Expand Social Media


Most organization are continually looking for quality content to publish through their social media accounts. SoS Advisor was not only designed to reduce fraud through customer education but also to build your social media presence and increase your organizations web traffic. 

Click Here to learn more about the SoS Advisor education solution. 


















      Privacy Policy       Support       Contact Us     About Jim Stickley


© Copyright 2017 Stickley on Security All Rights Reserved









