     MENU     Home Products Customers Resources Blog  eBooks  Case Studies Twitter Analytics Tool About Us Find Us Sign in Contact us Products Customers Resources Blog Your source of best practices on maximising the value of audience intelligence.  Case Studies Easily digested summaries of the challenges our clients have addressed with Audiense. eBooks and White Papers When we’ve gone into some detail on developing insight driven strategies, this is where you’ll find it.  Free Twitter Analytics tool For individuals curious about the makeup of their Twitter followers: find out more here. About us The TeamFind out all about the team behind Audiense  CareersWant to join us, find the latest positions here  Find usAll our contact details  Sign in  Contact us Connect with people who love your businessUnique consumer insights and engagement, to help you grow   Read More  What do you need to do? Find new customers Use what Audiense can tell you about your current customers to discover new addressable audiences and boost revenue growth. Eliminate market research costs Don’t pay too much for a 1% sample of the available insights into an audience. Access all the insights on 100% of any audience for precise decision-making intelligence. Power sophisticated strategies Leverage the world’s largest human consumer panel to enable sophisticated strategies such as affinity marketing, values-based marketing and personalisation. Increase customer loyalty and lifetime value Deliver more specific, more relevant, more targeted messages at scale, for deeper, more personal, longer-term relationships.  Read More One platform to achieve many goals Visual Guide: How To Use Twitter Insights For Your Content Marketing Strategy Download Case Study: How DHL Africa found over 65,000 Twitter influencers in 45 countries Read more eBook: The Retail Marketer’s Guide To Choosing The Right Influencers DownloadWe’re trusted by more than 10,000 brands and agencies – worldwide “Whenever we need to do a real in-depth Twitter analysis of a client, or their competitor, or a specific group of users, Audiense is our go-to platform. It delivers the granular data level that our clients look for.”Johary Rafidison, Global Insights Director, Grayling "Audiense gives us a clear idea of who our content is connecting with, and identifies the influencers who are engaging with it.”Henry Taylor, Social Media Producer, World Economic Forum "The Audiense platform excels at allowing users to establish, analyze, and garner insights about specific audiences. And unlike some tools, it allows users to seamlessly transition these insights into action – a pairing that has proven immensely valuable to clients."Benjamin Towne, Strategy & Analysis at DigitasLBi “Audiense has been an invaluable tool for some of our largest and most successful campaigns. It has provided us incredible insight into how our audiences behave and given us a whole new level of understanding. It is easy to use, packed with fantastic tools and delivers beautiful, actionable information that helped us improve our campaigns on the fly.”Jared Shurin, Planning DirectorStart growing your businessBuild new audiences Build new audiences from multiple criteria, including social profiles, relationships, behaviour and conversations through our official partnership with Twitter, the world's largest open source of data. Understand your audiences Create highly granular and sophisticated personas based on multiple attributes – including personality, determined through our partnership with IBM Watson, the world's most sophisticated A.I. platform and more.Deliver the right experience You’ve built your audiences, and segmented them as tightly or loosely as you need. Now make it count: deliver highly targeted, highly relevant, behaviour-based conversations, plus organic and paid-for campaigns with full reporting.  Contact us  Products Audiense Connection Platform Audiense Community ManagerResources Case Studies White papers and eBooks Blog Twitter Analytics ToolAbout Us The Team Careers Find us    ©2016 Audiense Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy EN / ES       By using our site you agree to our use of cookies Accept More Info    
            