



Skip to main content

























Main menu

ExploreBasicPersonal Corpus
Dashboard of Things

VIPTracked Topics
Universal Search

PremiumAutoSave
Drag-to-Compare
MisoData
SmartTagging
Social Analytics

Premium for Teamsnetvibesbusiness.com


CasesBasicFrank the news junkie

VIPJames the Blogger

PremiumSally the Entrepreneur


Pricing
Log in
Sign Up
netvibesbusiness
 













 






Your Personal DashboardSee everything that’s happening:
	News, social media, favorite websites, apps and smart devices
	all in one Dashboard
 
		Try now!	
 

  
2016 Election
What we learned from Netvibes Dashboard Intelligence

 






Take control of your digital life
Customize your Dashboard to monitor the things you care about online. Follow your social networks, be alerted to breaking news, or read articles on the topics that interest you. View your calendar, to do list, emails and apps in one place. Connect your smart devices to automatically control the Internet of Things at your command.
 





 


Read & Automate
Read and monitor everything from your Dashboard. Put apps and devices to work for you by automating custom actions: simply select the Trigger(s) and Action(s) you want to take place, and your Netvibes Potion makes it happen, just like magic. Control your smart home, share articles, automatically reply to tweets, and much more.
Personal corpus
Potions
 







Filter & Analyse for VIP and Premium
By upgrading your dashboard to VIP or Premium, you can do even more with Netvibes. Search for articles on any topic. Connect your own data to the dashboard to analyze it all in one place. Evaluate business metrics in their social context. Drag-and-drop charts to compare anything, instantly.
Search
24-hour support
Tracked Topics
Social Analytics
AutoSave
MisoData
Drag-to-Compare
Compare our products
 


 





 



Shared Dashboards for teams and enterprise. Collaborate, share knowledge and drive data-based decisions using live analytics, hierarchical shared Dashboards, PushMail automated reporting, and other professional features for agencies and enterprise.
Discover Netvibes Business







How they use Netvibes Dashboards



From consumers to business executives, millions of people use Netvibes Dashboards for a wide variety of use cases. Each Dashboard is fully customizable to focus on what matters to you or your business.
Learn how some of our customers use their Dashboards.










Frank monitors social and current events

Read more about Frank monitors social and current events with his free Netvibes Dashboard








James the Blogger tracks news topics and engages social followers

Read more about James the Blogger tracks news topics and engages social followers with his Netvibes VIP Dashboard








Sally the Entrepreneur analyzes business metrics and social mentions

Read more about Sally the Entrepreneur analyzes business metrics and social mentions with Netvibes Premium Dashboards







 





   



 



 



 



 



 
 










Election Intelligence
For months Netvibes has been analyzing news, social media, polling data and other information in our live 2016 U.S. Presidential Election Dashboard. The U.S. election is now over, but France’s 2017 presidential election is heating up.
What can Dashboard Intelligence tell us about the different elections? Were there clues in the data that Trump would win? Can we discover any common elements behind Brexit in the UK, Trump’s victory in the USA, and the coming 2017 elections in France and Germany? Read more on the Netvibes blog.
Discover more
 
Read more about Election Intelligence




 



Ready? Try Now!




 

 








Netvibes © 2017





Footer Menu (EN)

About UsThe Team
Jobs
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy

ResourcesBlog
Documentation
FAQ
Contact Us

PlatformUniversal Web App
Translators
Talk to Sales

PartnersJDG Media
Exalead
Twingly
Boardreader

 




Language


English
EN






Français
FR




Find us also on






 

 





