











        Jeff Sessions Channels Donald Trump on Russian Hacking      

Share on Facebook 

Share on Twitter 












          Donate
        



          Subscribe
        




Search
Newsletter
Magazine
Politics
Environment
Media
Crime and Justice
Food
Guns
Dark Money
Photos
Investigations
Podcasts
Kevin Drum
About
Subscribe
Donate









 
 


Skip to Navigation
Skip to Content



 
 
 

 




Politics
Environment
Food
Media
Crime & Justice
Photos
Investigations
Magazine
Subscribe
Donate
  


 


Jeff Sessions Channels Donald Trump on Russian HackingAsked about Moscow's meddling, Trump's pick for attorney general wouldn't accept the FBI's findings.David CornJan. 10, 2017 2:10 PMShare on FacebookShare on TwitterEmail 

 

 
 




During his confirmation hearing on Tuesday morning, Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), Donald Trump's pick to be attorney general, engaged in a curious exchange with Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), a member of the Senate judiciary committee. Graham asked Sessions a simple question about Russian hacking during the 2016 campaign, and Sessions...well, basically said nothing. As attorney general, he will oversee the FBI, which is part of the Justice Department, and the FBI, along with other national security agencies, has concluded that Russian intelligence mounted an extensive covert operation to influence the election for Trump's benefit. Yet Sessions had little to say on this matter.
Graham opened with a simple query: "Do you think the Russians were behind hacking into our election?" Sessions replied, "I have done no research into that. I know just what the media says about it." This was a Trumpy reply, for Sessions was referencing media reports, not the US intelligence community assessment released last week that definitively concluded Russia had hacked Democratic targets and disseminated swiped emails to help Trump. He could have said, "I know what US intelligence says." But he chose not to.
The exchange continued:

Graham: Do you think you could get briefed anytime soon?
Sessions: Well, I'll need to.
Graham: I think you do too. [Do] you like the FBI?
Sessions: Do I like them?
Graham: Yeah.
Sessions: Some of my best friends are FBI agents.
Graham: Do you generally trust them?
Sessions: Yes.
Graham: Are you aware of the fact that the FBI has concluded that it was the Russian intelligence services who hacked into the DNC and Podesta's emails?
Sessions: I do understand that. At least that's what's been reported, and I've not been briefed by them on the subject.

With this answer—referring to media reports—Sessions was still apparently trying to not say anything that could be interpreted as a sign he fully accepted the official findings as conclusive and accurate. Apparently, the fellow who wants to run the Justice Department did not bother to look at the intelligence community report on Russian hacking put out last week. (It's short.)
Graham pressed on:

Graham: From your point of view, there's no reason for us to be suspicious of them?
Sessions: Of their decision?
Graham: Yeah.
Sessions: I'm sure it was honorably reached.

Honorably reached? Not that it was an accurate evaluation. Sessions wouldn't say that. He was only stating that he believed that the FBI had not purposefully cooked the books. That was hardly a full embrace of the conclusions. The conversation went on:

Graham: How do you feel about a foreign entity trying to interfere in our election? I'm not saying they changed the outcome, but it's pretty clear to me they did. How do you feel about it? What should we do?

Stop the presses! Graham just said that the Russian hacking did change the outcome of the election. The small number of Republicans who have expressed concern about the intervention have generally stuck to the talking point that the result of the election should not be questioned. Yet here was Graham saying the Russian operation determined that Trump became president. Back to the tape:

Sessions: Sen. Graham, I think it's a significant event. We have penetration apparently throughout our government by foreign entities. We know the Chinese have revealed millions of background information on millions of people in the United States, and these, I suppose, ultimately are part of international big-power politics. But when a nation uses their improperly gained or intelligence-wise gained information to take policy positions that impact another nation's democracy or their approach to any issue, then that raises real serious matters. It's really, I suppose, goes in many ways to the State Department, our Defense Department, and how we, as a nation, have to react to that, which would include developing some protocols where when people breach our systems, that a price is paid even if we can't prove the exact person who did it.

In this word salad, Sessions, once again, would not clearly state that Russia was behind this penetration and that consequently Moscow should be punished. As a Trump partisan, Sessions could not recognize a reality that Trump himself has not accepted. That raises the question of how independent he will be as attorney general, if confirmed, and how vigorously the FBI will be able to investigate this Russian operation on his watch.



Get the scoop,  straight from Mother Jones.




















 
Share on FacebookShare on TwitterDavid CornDavid Corn is Mother Jones' Washington bureau chief. For more of his stories, click here. He's also on Twitter and Facebook.Mother Jones is a nonprofit, and stories like this are made possible by readers like you. Donate or subscribe to help fund independent journalism.  
 
RelatedProtesters Dressed in KKK Robes Interrupt Opening Minutes of Jeff Sessions’ Confirmation HearingInae OhJeff Sessions Has a History of Blocking Black JudgesPema LevyAttorney General Sessions Would Be Good News for Private PrisonsPema Levy  
 




 
 

Top News



 



Why Does a White Guy Always Have to Be the Hero?


Kanyakrit Vongkiatkajorn, Grace Wilson, and Karen Hao 




NSC Aide Fired, Now Owes Us Account of Trump Call to Mexico's President


Kevin Drum 




"You Can't Get Animals to Do Retakes"


Jenny Luna 



 
 







SIGN UP









 







 
 
 
 




view comments 
 
 


 
 
 
 



























                        About Us
                     |
                    
                        Store
                    



                        Donate
                    
|                    
                        Subscribe
                    



                          Customer Service
                    



                        Advertise
                    




                    Copyright ©2017 Mother Jones and the Foundation for National Progress. All Rights Reserved.
               

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us



 
 
 
















 
 


 
 




 
 






 




    We noticed you have an ad blocker on.
    Support nonprofit investigative reporting by pitching in a few
    bucks.
    DONATE
X

 
 







Which Trump news is worth freaking out about?
		
Read our take in "How to Process the Tide of Trump News" and sign-up for our email newsletters to stay focused on the news that matters.














 

















