






HomeBobboMusicShopRiddle and The StarsBrowncoatsBandVideos & PicsEPKShows













The Fallen Stars

HomeBobboMusicShopRiddle and The StarsBrowncoatsBandVideos & PicsEPKShows
















Newest Release

Our new album Leaves on the Wind Vol 2 is available now!
Join Us

 
Return to form


Join our mailing list for the latest news
Enjoy my attempt at a love song for Tracy with "Heart Like Mine" just for signing up for our mailing list!









		Please prove that you are not a robot
	



Follow Us

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

See Us Live






Feb21



Songwriter Serenade


Tuesday, February 21 @ 7:00 PMTue, Feb 21 @ 7:00 PM



Matt Dennys Ale House, Arcadia, CA



Share


View on Google Maps







View previous events




About Us

The Fallen Stars are an Americana Rock band from Southern California that believes a good story can break your heart and a driving guitar riff can put it back together again, all in the space of a three minute song."Listen to the Fallen Stars' Americana, and you hear a great, rollicking band. But see them live, and it's the difference between Elvis in the studio and early 1970s Elvis, when he was starting shows with "Also Sprach Zarathustra," then owning crowds with just a sneer of the lip. Don't believe us? Catch them live and find out for yourself."~OC Weekly Best Live Band 2015
Welcome Browncoats!

Are you a fan of Firefly? Then you'll love our new music project, Leaves on the Wind! Our goal is to write a brand new original song based on each episode of the tv series Firefly, plus the feature film Serenity. Fifteen songs in all - just right for a trilogy of EPs! Keep an eye on our Browncoats page to follow our progress!  

Latest News

 




January 4, 2017 


Hey!  So it's been a while since I've written.  Sorry about that.  Life, you know?  First it was Europe and then I drove from Massachusetts to California with my Mom (playing shows across the way of course!) and then it was Christmas time and I took all the ornaments off the tree yesterday and now it's time to get back to it! 
Friday, January 13 DiPiazzas CD Release Show for "Motel Americana"w/ Tall as Men (also cd release show)PCH, Long Beach, CA 9 pm - $5 
It's my U.S. cd release show for my new album…Read more


about 1 month ago





Friday, November 25, 2016 


Hey Everyone! 
So, it's been a little quiet here for a bit - I was driving across country with my Mom and played a couple shows on the way across in New Hampshire, Florida and Texas.  We had an amazing time and I recommend it to everyone - take a trip with your folks!*   
Today is "Black Friday" and in the spirit of the thing** we're offering a special buy one get one free on all our cds this weekend. Buy one cd and in the notes - just tell me what cd you would like for free and we'll put it in with your…Read more


3 months ago





Full Tour Diary from September-October 2016 


TOUR DIARY DAY 1
Started the day at the Brandenburg Gate and doing some touristy things then I made my way over to Budde Music Publishing. It was really nice to put a face to the names on our contract. Stayed and chatted for about an hour and did a little bit of strategizing for mine, TFS and RATS catalog. Be great if some things come to fruition.  Then I got an email from Hansa Studios about there may be a little bit of time to show me around the studio but they do have sessions going on today so I drove…Read more


4 months ago





October 17th 


Moin!   
That's German for good day, good morning or something.  Like all things - it's very similar but still quite different.   
We're still a couple weeks away from being back in the states but I wanted to stop in and say hello.   
I've been here touring since the end of August supporting my solo album "Motel Americana" and Tracy flew over the end of September and we met up with our buddy Ben Riddle (creating the pseudo Wonder Twin Power form of Riddle & The Stars) and we've been all over playing…Read more


4 months ago





Tour Diary Month of September 


My good buddy Boris took all my FB tour diary and put them in an easily readable folder here.  If you want to read all these and see the pictures that go along with them - just go to www.facebook.com/BobboByrnes 
Enjoy! ​ Tour Diary Day 1  
Started the day at the Brandenburg Gate and doing some touristy things then I made my way over to Budde Music Publishing. It was really nice to put a face to the names on our contract. Stayed and chatted for about an hour and did a little bit of strategizing for mine…Read more


5 months ago






  1


2

…

22


Next


Last




awards

 
Best Live Band
OC Weekly Best Of 2015
Hot Adult Contemporary Artist 
2012 Los Angeles Music Award NomineeBest Male Artist 
2011 SoCal Live Music Competition Nominee
"Top Ten Indie/Unsigned Release of the Year"
~Los Angeles Music Examiner
"Top Prospect of the Year"
~Music Connection MagazineBest Country/Americana
2009 Orange County Music Awards Winner
2007-2012 Orange County Music Awards Nominee Best Live Rock BandBest Live Acoustic Band
2009 SoCal Live Music CompetitionBest Live Acoustic Band
2008 Orange County Music Awards


Tip Jar

 









© 2008-2016 The Fallen Stars












