 
















iPhone
iPad
Watch
Hacks
Apps
Tips
How-To
Mac
Deals
Forums
 








What’s Hot: 
iPhone 8
iPhone 7
iOS 10.2.1
Jailbreak iOS 10.2.1

 


























 

computer









Here are 6 GIFs Showcasing the Benefits of Jailbreaking iOS 10.2 – iOS 10 






Yalu iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Released 






What’s New in iOS 10.3 Beta 1 [Updatedx3] 






Is the ‘Age of Apple’ Really Over? 






5 New iPhone 8 Features We Know so far 






Top 12 iPhone Apps of 2016 







Pros and Cons of Buying Refurbished Apple Products




Posted by George Tinari on Feb 18, 2017 | Comments



It’s not often you hear about refurbished Macs, iPhones, Apple Watches or iPads. In fact, Apple doesn’t push the concept very much and they’re even pretty hard to find on the Apple website. But still, every time a new product gets released, Apple shortly after starts selling refurbished models.







How to Permanently Delete Your Snapchat Account and Data




Posted by George Tinari on Feb 18, 2017 | Comments



Whether your sick of Snapchat or just the people on it, deleting the social network permanently is surprisingly easy to do. You’d think they’d beg you to stick around around, but nope. It’s not quite as simple as deleting the app off your phone because your account will still exist on Snapchat’s servers, but it’s still an easy process to follow.







Apple Working With Broadcom for Customized Wireless Charging in iPhone




Posted by Evan Selleck on Feb 17, 2017 | Comments



One of the oft-rumored features coming to the iPhone lineup is wireless charging, with plenty of back-and-forth on whether or not it’ll actually see the light of day.







Hype is the Animation Tool You Need To Make Everything You Do Stand Out [Deals Hub]




Posted by StackSocial on Feb 17, 2017 | Comments



It’s hard to stand out in a crowd. The task becomes much easier when your work jumps off the page—literally. You can catch people’s eye with animations, and it’s made easy with Hype 3.5 for Mac. Get it on sale now from the iPhone Hacks Deals Hub.







SoftBank Willing to Cede Control of Sprint in Potential Merger with T-Mobile




Posted by Evan Selleck on Feb 17, 2017 | Comments



Since 2013, there have been talks and rumors suggesting that Sprint, the fourth-largest wireless network in the United States, could find its way merging with the third-largest network, T-Mobile.







Apple’s new iPad Pro Ads Channel Ghosts, LTE, and Tweets




Posted by Evan Selleck on Feb 17, 2017 | Comments



Apple has been putting a focus on Portrait Mode in the iPhone 7 Plus recently, but now the marketing arm is turning to the iPad Pro.







The ‘Stealth Case’ to Keep iPhones Secret During Testing Revealed in New Photos




Posted by Evan Selleck on Feb 17, 2017 | Comments



It’s not a secret that Apple goes through a variety of different stages when testing a new iPhone, which includes taking the handset out into the real world.







How to Schedule an Automatic Shutdown, Sleep or Restart on Mac




Posted by Ali Hassan Mahdi on Feb 17, 2017 | Comments



There are times when you have a large file downloading on your Mac and want it to shutdown automatically at a time that you believe the download finishes. Luckily, macOS has a built-in scheduling feature that allows you to schedule an automatic shutdown, restart or sleep operation.







Here are 6 GIFs Showcasing the Benefits of Jailbreaking iOS 10.2 – iOS 10




Posted by Ali Hassan Mahdi on Feb 17, 2017 | Comments



Jailbreaking your iOS device opens the doors to endless customization capabilities. You can change the system font, theme the app icons, add new features to stock and third-party apps and much more.







How to Enhance Your Music with the New Alchemy Synth in GarageBand for iOS




Posted by George Tinari on Feb 17, 2017 | Comments



Whether you’re a beginner to music or a seasoned professional, the new alchemy synth in GarageBand can do wonders for your music. It lets even the most inexperienced create amazing music just by tapping around on a keyboard, while experts can use it to quickly create astounding beats on their own or as a layer to a full song.







1
2
…
2,528
»




















Get top stories delivered daily 










Follow iPhone Hacks 













Featured PostsHere are 6 GIFs Showcasing the Benefits of Jailbreaking iOS 10.2 – iOS 10Are You Bored With Your iPhone?Jailbreak iOS 10.2.1 – iOS 10.3 Status UpdateYalu iOS 10.2 Jailbreak FAQ: Everything You Need to Know about This JailbreakGot an New iPhone? Here Are the Essential Apps You Must DownloadYalu iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Released

















Home






Disclaimer This website is not owned by, is not licensed by nor is a subsidiary of Apple Inc. iPhone is a trademark of Apple Inc. The content of this website is not supplied or reviewed by Apple Inc. All articles, images, logos and trademarks in this site are property of their respective owners. Please follow this link to read the complete disclaimer.
 



Links 
Advertise
Contact/Tips
Download Jailbreak for iPhone, iPad or iPod touch
Download Pangu Jailbreak
How to Jailbreak iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch
Privacy Policy
Send a tip

 






					Designed by Blog Consulting















 









 








