















































BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








One of the oldest kinds of Windows malware is now targeting Macs










Kif Leswing












Feb.  9, 2017, 10:43 AM



4,640




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 





USAThere's a longstanding myth that Mac computers don't get viruses — or, at the very least, malware makers don't target Macs as much as they do Windows.
But with Macs making up a large proportion of the high-end computer market, virus makers are repurposing old Windows tricks to target Apple users. 
An attack targeting Mac users was recently found in a boobytrapped Microsoft Word document, security researchers said earlier this week. 
The attack used one of the oldest tricks in the Windows hacker's book: taking advantage of Microsoft Word macros, or short bits of script that can be used to automate people's work. 
At least, that's how macros are intended to be used. But malware makers can use them to download a malicious payload. 
Researchers found a Word file called "U.S. Allies and Rivals Digest Trump's Victory - Carnegie Endowment for International Peace" that contained a boobytrap that would download malicious code from a Russian address and run it on the victim's computer.  
Once the boobytrap runs, it can "perform a myriad of nefarious actions such as enabling the webcam, dumping the keychain, and accessing a user's browser history," according to security researchers. 
Word macros have historically been one of the most effective techniques for infecting large numbers of people with malware. Word macros were used as part of the attack that brought down part of the Ukrainian power grid in 2015, the first hacker-related power outage, Ars Technica reports. 
Screenshot/Objective See
For most people, one way to avoid these kind of attacks is not to open strange Word documents with unclear origins. But for government officials, journalists, and other people who might need to open a file titled something like "U.S. Allies and Rivals Digest Trump's Victory," they should be aware that running macros in a Word file is dangerous, even on a Mac. 
Good thing that Word warns users before they open the file. Check out the full findings from the team of Mac security researchers at Objective-See.


SEE ALSO: Here’s what Apple thinks about the black market for $1 million iPhone hacks




NOW WATCH: Here’s everything we know about the iPhone 8







Loading video...








            More:

                                                        Apple
Mac
Malware
Virus
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























One of the oldest kinds of Windows malware is now targeting Macs
One of the oldest kinds of Windows malware is now targeting Macs

There's a longstanding myth that Mac computers...



















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job


More "Idea Factory" » 






We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines


More "BI Innovations" » 




 





Business Insider Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSIDINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 










































