






M³
CLL
Events
Whitepapers
The Next Platform







































                Data Center
            

                Software
            

                Security
            

                Transformation
            

                DevOps
            

                Business
            

                Personal Tech
            

                Science
            

                Emergent Tech
            

                Bootnotes
            













                            Alerts
                        



                            Newsletters
                        





Florida Man jailed for 4 years after raking in a million bucks from spam



Jun-OH-NO! NASA's Jupiter probe in busted helium-valve drama



Paper factory fired its sysadmin. He returned via VPN and caused $1m in damage. Now jailed



BlackBerry sued by hundreds of staffers 'fooled' into quitting







                            Servers
                        



                            HPC
                        



                            Cloud
                        



                            Storage
                        



                            Networks
                        



                            Virtualization
                        



                            BOFH
                        





UK Snoopers' Charter gagging order drafted for London Internet Exchange directors



Yee-haw! It's the Friday storage round-up



Brit watchdog spanks Microsoft, Amazon, Apple into promising fairer cloud contracts



Did Oracle just sign tape's death warrant? Depends what 'no comment' means








Microsoft makes cheeky bid for MongoDB devs on Azure security grounds



Microsoft ups Surface slab prices for Brits. Darn weak pound, eh?



Dirty data, flogged cores: YES, Microsoft SQL Server R Services has its positives



Talk of tech innovation is bullsh*t. Shut up and get the work done – says Linus Torvalds








Florida Man jailed for 4 years after raking in a million bucks from spam



Paper factory fired its sysadmin. He returned via VPN and caused $1m in damage. Now jailed



Probe President Trump and his crappy Samsung Twitter-o-phone, demand angry congressfolk



Smash up your kid's Bluetooth-connected Cayla 'surveillance' doll, Germany urges parents








Hyperconverged market gets hyper-competitive as new riders enter field



Cloud industry body sets up new data protection code



World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017



Brought to you by UK.gov: 'Most ambitious programme of change of any government anywhere in the world'








GitLab invokes the startup defence to explain data loss woes



With nearly 1m users on its books, DigitalOcean touts load balancers



Continuous Lifecycle London: More workshops, more speakers



Why software engineers should ditch Silicon Valley for Austin







                            Policy
                        



                            The Channel
                        





BlackBerry sued by hundreds of staffers 'fooled' into quitting



Round-filed 'paperless' projects: Barriers remain to Blighty's Digital NHS



UK recruitment biz Coal Intelligent Technology ceases trading



Installing disks is basically LEGO, right? This admin failed LEGO








Huge if true: iPhone 8 will feature 3D selfies, rodent defibrillator



Nokia's 3310 revival – what's NEXT? Vote now



Standards Australia might send Tesla's PowerWalls outside



Vinyl, filofaxes – why not us too, pleads Nokia







                            SPB
                        



                            Geek's Guide
                        





Jun-OH-NO! NASA's Jupiter probe in busted helium-valve drama



Dead cockroaches make excellent magnets – now what are we supposed to do with this info?



Baby supernova spotted, just three hours old and a real cutie



Get it while it's hot: NASA's Space Poo contest winners wipe up $30k







                            Artificial Intelligence
                        



                            Internet of Things
                        





Errors in Australia's Centrelink debt recovery system were inevitable



What does a complex AI model look like? Here's some Friday eye candy from UK biz Graphcore



Oracle's IoT play: Teach business apps and things to talk together



THE SCHMIDT HITS THE BAN: Keep your gloves off AI, military top brass







                            Verity Stob
                        





A webcam is not so much a leering eye as the barrel of a gun



FAKE BREWS: America rocked by 'craft beer' scandal allegations



Nul points for Ukraine's Eurovision ticket site fail



Kings College London bods recruit members for penis ring study







More like this


Anti-Malware


Machine Learning






Security





Sophos to assimilate Invincea's intelligent machine tech to fight malware
Machine learning IP snapped up in $100m deal

























                        8 Feb 2017 at 10:24,
                    
John Leyden




Sophos has announced a deal to acquire the core technologies of anti-malware protection outfit Invincea for $100m plus up to $20m, dependent on first-year revenues.
Invincea makes a line of signature-less endpoint procession technologies that rely on machine learning and behavioural monitoring to block malware.




Sophos plans to integrate Invincea's tech into the Sophos Central endpoint product line, before releasing revamped products later his year. The plan parallels the integration of SurfRight's technology into Sophos's product line following a smaller December 2015 acquisition.
In the 12 months to 31 March 2016, Invincea recorded billings of $13.4m, revenue of $9.8m and a loss before tax of $11.8m.
Invincea Labs, a division of Invincea that has been separately managed and operated since 2010, will be spun out prior to the acquisition and does not form part of this transaction.
Sophos expects to complete the acquisition around the end of this fiscal year. It anticipates the deal to be "broadly neutral" to its balance sheet in its first year before adding to its revenues thereafter.
Sophos CEO Kris Hagerman commented: "Invincea is leading the market in machine learning-based threat detection with the combination of superior detection rates and minimal false positives. Invincea will strengthen Sophos's leading next-gen endpoint protection with complementary predictive defences that we believe will become increasingly important to the future of endpoint protection and allow us to take full advantage of this significant new growth opportunity." ®




                        Tips and corrections
                    



3
                        Comments
                    




More from The Register






Sophos update borks systems at London NHS trust

Updated
                            Rubber gloves on as techies probe root cause
                        


                                13 Comments
                            








Security FUD and malware outbreaks boost Sophos' coffers

                            Targeting the 'underserved mid-market' pays off nicely
                        


                                2 Comments
                            








Despite the spiel, we're still some decades from true anti-malware AI

Opinion
                            Vendors stuff jargon into antivirus marketing mix
                        


                                35 Comments
                            










Sophos Windows users face black screens after false positive snafu

                            Black is the new BSOD
                        


                                49 Comments
                            








Google to cough up $20m after Chrome rips off anti-malware patents

                            Actual residents of Texas Eastern District prevail
                        


                                21 Comments
                            








Google pays $100k to anti-malware crusader Giovanni Vigna

                            Prolific malware murderer bags Mountain View's Security, Privacy and Anti-Abuse award
                        










Whitepapers



Nimble Storage Vision Drives to Leadership Position in Gartner Magic Quadrant

                    Pioneering the use of predictive analytics and machine learning capabilities across the infrastructure stack.
                



Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved

                    The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models.
                



Work and the modern content platform

                    For tech leaders ready to improve the way they manage information.
                



Build scalable and secure public cloud services

                    Scalability, flexibility, and efficiency are essential to differentiating your business.
                













Most read




Zuckerberg thinks he's cyber-Jesus – and publishes a 6,000-word world-saving manifesto
                





'I'm innocent!' says IT contractor on trial after Office 365 bill row spiraled out of control
                





New Royal Navy Wildcat helicopters can't transmit vital data
                





Installing disks is basically LEGO, right? This admin failed LEGO
                





UK Snoopers' Charter gagging order drafted for London Internet Exchange directors
                





















Spotlight


The Register's guide to protecting your data when visiting the US



Despite the spiel, we're still some decades from true anti-malware AI



Honeypots: Free psy-ops weapons that can protect your network before defences fail



Cyber-spying, leaking to meddle in foreign politics is the New Normal



Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel



How to secure MongoDB – because it isn't by default and thousands of DBs are being hacked



Because I'm bad, I'm bad, Shamoon: PC wiper tried to shut down Saudi snapshot defences



Top cop: Strap Wi-Fi jammers to teen web crims as punishment



Sponsored links

All-Flash Arrays - A flash of brilliance or just a flash in the pan? Have your say in our reader survey

Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts

















Follow us
























More content

Subscribe to newsletter
Top 20 stories
Week’s headlines
Archive
Webcasts



About us

Privacy
Company info
Advertise with us
Syndication
Send us news tips



The Register

                Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017

            

                Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
            













