









Support Center





Insight
Capabilities 

Digital Workforce Collaboration
Digital Workforce Experience
Digital Workforce Intelligence & Management


Discovery
Our Community 

Leadership
Experiences
Contact Us









EmpoweringInsight. Intelligence. Innovation.
Innovative strategy, insight driven intelligence, impact-driven leadership and purpose driven capabilities.

Discover Endless Possibilities














Innovative Technology and Insights





Why you should be an Office Insider


To deliver unparalleled service, Microsoft tests products and features months before they’re released to the public. One of the ways they do this is ...








Microsoft’s Windows 10 upgrade for SMBs


Microsoft has announced that it will bring back free Windows 10 upgrades, but on one condition: Only small- and medium-sized businesses that have previously ...








What exactly is preventive cyber-security?


There has been a movement among technology providers to promise “proactive” cyber security consulting. Small- and medium-sized businesses love the ...










The latest on Microsoft Office for Mac


It’s official. Microsoft has just announced plans to bring support for add-ins to the Mac version of its Office Suite. This marks yet another step forward ...








Free Google apps worth exploring


Google Play has a wealth of applications that you can wyopend a whole day exploring. But with numerous categories and hundreds of apps available on Google’s ...








G Suite vs. Office 365


Google and Microsoft have both set impressive milestones in the tech industry. These industry giants continually roll out innovative solutions that simplify ...











Empowering People. Purpose and Unimaginable Possibilities.
Let's achieve together and Empower OneOther





















Incredibly timely with response! I have had issues for 4 days working with my former IT supplier. When I contacted Nextgen with my issue they were able to handle it remotely faster than I could have wished for. I now have a big smile for Nextgen as I catch up on all this work. Thank you Nextgen!! ...Read More
Shane RoachOwnerMister Paper Office Supply










I have been trying for over a year to sync my outlook calendar with my phone. No one was able to help me. So I bought a tablet and still no one could help me until I spoke to Rolando. He was able to remotely log into all my devices, computer, phone, tablet and get me all setup in just over an hour. ...Read More
Debra MartinExit Realty Producers










Nextgen will take care of all of your networking and computing needs, period. Need advice on the best software to protect your technology and business? Nextgen takes the time to make sure you know your options and select what is right for your situation. Friendly service, great follow up and the ...Read More
Randy PersadFinancial RepresentativeNorthwestern Mutual










I have met with Rolando several times and have been thoroughly impressed with his knowledge and customer service. I highly recommend his company for any size job!

Davey TaylorAffiliate ManagerPeerfly










Professional, understanding of our needs, knowledgeable, affordable, prompt, and efficient. We highly recommend Nextgen!

Bob BagleyOwner/PresidentPaul Davis Restoration










Nextgen Support does an amazing job keeping businesses running at top performance. We have used them on many occasions in our business and they are prompt, efficient and affordable. I would definitely recommend them to any business in North Central Florida.

Paul SchneiderPresidentSchneider & Associates










I was experiencing major issues with my computer and was about ready to purchase a new one. Referred to Nextgen Support and they saved the day by resolving all the issues and there were a lot of issues. My computer is just like new with no issues and working better than ever. I will definitely recommend ...Read More
Dinah JacobsDirector of SalesDJ Christmas














Let's achieve unimaginable possibilities together
Discover Endless Possibilities





 Impact-driven social corporation; delivering innovative strategy services and products in insight driven intelligence, impact-driven leadership and purpose driven capabilities.














3324 W University Ave #288Gainesville, Florida 32607

Sales: (352) 224-9032 
Support: (352) 234-4815 Ext. 1 





Name*Email*

Phone*Message

CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 














©2017 NGS All Rights Reserved.


Privacy Policy
Website by Pronto


 






















