












Please enable Javascript to use Cloze.


Learn More About Cloze












Watch Video
 |
                        
                        Cloze Business
New!







Smarter Relationship Management

                The no-work way to see everything about your contacts in one place.
                Email, phone calls, meetings, notes, follow-ups and social.
            

























 Remember me










Or Sign in with Twitter










Log In
Sign Up



By signing up I accept Cloze's
Terms of Service and
                        Privacy Policy.
                    



Cancel













Try It Free







Automatic

                        Everything about the people you know in one place, pulled together for you.
                    



Smart

                        We learn who is important to you and remember
                        things when you don’t.
                    



Proactive

                        Cloze prompts you to keep in-touch, with the right context at your fingertips.
                    














No more data entry

                        Cloze automatically keeps track of your email, phone calls,
                        meetings, documents, Evernote, LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter.
                        And everything from dozens of other services.
                    

                        And it's all organized for you — by contact, company, meeting, etc. — without
                        any busy work.
                    

                        We’ll even grab email signatures so
                        your contacts are always up-to-date.
                    




















Never miss a follow-up

                        Cloze’s learning algorithm knows who is important to you and automatically
                        prompts you when it is time to reach out, so you’ll always be on top of
                        your customers and pipeline.
                    















You're always prepared

                            Cloze is like having a personal assistant that
                            keeps you on top of your relationships.
                        

                            Heading into a meeting? Cloze tells you exactly where you left off —
                            with the context from Evernote, email, calls, social,
                            documents and past meetings for every attendee.
                        












Everywhere you work

                            Just connect your accounts and go. On your smartphone,
                            tablet or desktop.
                        

                            It’s all synced to the cloud so you can
                            always find what you need without hunting from app to app.
                        






Search the way you think

                            With Cloze your contacts are organized by how most of us think,
                            rather than just an alphabetical list.
                        

                            You can see who you’ve just
                            met, when you last talked
                            or search by who's nearby that you know well.
                        

                            Or even search for things like “CEOs and VPs in the Big Apple”
                            or “customers in Boston”.
                        












View by company

                            Cloze organizes by companies too — without any setup.
                        

                            See your complete interaction history with any company,
                            automatically in one place: contacts, email, meetings, phone calls,
                            notes, documents and LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook too.
                        




‹
›













































Pricing


Cloze
Smart Inboxand Contact Manager
Free
  

Sign Up Now

                             
                        



Email Inbox. Support for Gmail, Microsoft Exchange, iCloud,
                            Yahoo! and IMAP.
                        

Unified Contacts. One view of your contacts from email,
                            social media, desktop, and phone.
                        

Simple Search. Search for contacts the way you
                            think - “VPs in the Big Apple”, “marketers at IBM”, “customers in Boston”
                        

Social Media Manager. Organizes your social feeds by who matters
                            to you, not by who talked last.
                        



Cloze Pro
SmarterRelationship Management
$13.33/mo
billed annuallyor
                        $19.99 month-to-month

Start Free Trial

                            14 day free trial. No credit card required.
                        



All of Cloze Free and ...
                        

One Place for Everything.
                            Adds calendar, Evernote, call history, projects, to-dos, contact enrichment,
                            APIs, importing PLUS unlimited email accounts / contacts.

                        

Proactive Reminders. Automatic reminders to keep in-touch.
                            Email open tracking.
                            Scheduled email send.
                            Follow-up reminders and next steps.
                        

Smart Context. Company profiles, created for you.
                            One place to find where you last left-off with meeting attendees.
                            Smart email templates.
                        

Learn more ...




Cloze Business
Your Whole Teamon the Same Page
$13.33/user/mo
billed annuallyor
                        $19.99 month-to-month

Start Free Trial

                            14 day free trial. No credit card required.
                        



All of Cloze Pro and ...
                        

See the Full Picture.
                            Share a complete view of project and deal
                            activity with the right people automatically - no data entry required.
                        

Eliminate Surprises.
                            Always know who last talked to any customer, client, or prospect.
                        

Coordinate Follow-up.
                            Track who's responsible for contacts, projects, deals, next steps and to-dos.
                        

Learn more ...











Our Pledge
We won't spam your contacts or social networks.
We won't share or sell your information. It's for your eyes only.
We'll be open and transparent about how we
                use your information within Cloze.


Cloze is secure

                        Cloze provides multiple layers of security around your information,
                        from access protected data centers, through network and application
                        level security. We use oAuth when we can. Sensitive information,
                        such as your email, messages and passwords, is always encrypted.
                    


Cloze is private

                        You are the only one who can see your information within Cloze.
                        Our employees can't see it - it's encrypted even to us. We will
                        never share your email or social information with anyone. You can
                        cancel Cloze at any time and we’ll permanently delete all of your information.
                    








Loving it!
by Plouhfsgyj

                                I'm very hands on with communicating to my clients and friends and this app
                                keeps it all in one place and lets me manage my database with ease!
                                So many functions that I absolutely love about this app!
                            




Right combination of features
by CourVO

            Oh, CLOZE! Where have you been? I've tried the others.
            They're complicated, not intuitive, expensive, and have the
            wrong combination of features for me. Thanks for getting it right!
        




LOVE IT!
by Suzred

            Awesome App, if you receive a lot of emails, have a lot of projects,
            and struggle sorting through the barrage this is the App for you. Love it!
        




Unbelievable!
by Mhewski

            Such a strong and useful tool! I'm in real estate and this app is
            changing how I manage my time, it's an indispensable tool.
        




Get it!!!!!
by TexasDeeDee

            It is possibly the most organized way to help get more things done!
        




Best relationship management tool yet!
by BigErnFL

            I love this tool - really simple and easy to get immediate value out of.
        




Time saver!
by Delliemay

            Love that it keeps me current and saves me time.
        




Excellent app. Works great with Gmail.
by FotoGuy010

            I've been looking for a CRM like this for a long time.
        




Super Great
by Ernie-Jazz

            Look no further for a VA. This is the one.
        




Great App!
by Heartamann

            Love this app!
        




Love love love
by Xtzzz

            Absolutely adore this app and the computer version! Morning briefing
            email is right on time, keeping me on track with clients -
            even though I've cringed a few times (haha) - awesome productivity app!!
        



‹
›



Copyright © 2016 Cloze, Inc. CLOZE is a service mark and trademark of Cloze, Inc.
                All rights reserved.
            

Products
                | About
                | Press
                | Help
                | APIs
                | Blog
                | Twitter
                | Facebook
                | Google+
                | Privacy
                | Terms
























