 



















































































 
Join the Resistance
We're a grassroots movement fighting against the hateful and authoritarian agenda of Donald Trump and the radical right.


JOIN US TODAY







 










  






Our MissionWe fight to defend constitutional rights, democratic norms, & the rule of law in the United States






     






Fight Like HellThere’s nothing normal or acceptable about the hate and corruption brewing in the Trump White House. Join the fight to get him out.JOIN THE RESISTANCE






      


Key Platform PositionsA quick look at some of the positions we believe in and are willing to fight for


     


Fair & Free ElectionsWe support an investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 election, call for an end to partisan gerrymandering, and the restoration of the Voting Rights Act.




Racial EqualityWe must work together to end the white supremacy in America. We support Black Lives Matter, and oppose racial discrimination and the unjust targeting of minorities by racist policing.




Women's RightsWe fight against the inequality of women; from sexual harassment & workplace discrimination, to the adoption of STEM careers. Women’s rights are human rights.


     


LGBTQ RightsWe call for an end to all discrimination on the basis of sexuality and gender identification in housing, benefits, healthcare, and all other aspects of American society.




Law Enforcement ReformWe support accountable, community-centered law enforcement and fight against the militarization of police and inequitable policies such as the “War on Drugs” and the criminalization of sex work.




Sustainable EnergyWe support pro-environment policies that move the United States toward sustainability and help mitigate the global crisis caused by climate change; including the 2016 Paris Agreement.


     


Universal HealthcareUniversal healthcare is a human right, and we support the implementation of a single payer healthcare system, price controls on pharmaceuticals, and expanding women’s health services.




Education ReformWe call for a more equitable distribution of funding our public schools while opposing voucher programs, and believe college education should be affordable for all qualified students.




Science-Based PolicyWe oppose all manifestations of post-truth politics as toxic and antithetical to American values. We believe truth, data, and scientific progress is fundamental in our political and educational systems.


     


VIEW OR DOWNLOAD THE FULL PLATFORM


     






Resistance NewsComing Soon- News and updates to help educate, inform, and arm you with the knowledge and resources you need to resist.






      






Resources for the FightWe’re working hard to bring you more resources in the fight to preserve your democracy. For now, give some of these a shot.






     


01 | Calling Scripts
The “We’re His Problem Now” calling sheet offers comprehensive calling scripts for Senators & Representatives.





02 | Congressional Numbers & Email Addresses
Find your representatives and call/write them demanding opposition to Trump’s hateful rhetoric.





03 | Elected Officials Committee Assignments
Detailed lists of Senate and House Representatives serving on Committees. Make your voice heard.



     


04 | Call the House Oversight Committee
Available at 202-225-5074, identify yourself as an American citizen and demand a bipartisan review of Trump’s financials.





05 | Boycott Trump Products
Boycott businesses that sell Trump merchandise using #GrabYourWallet, a spreadsheet of Trump-supported businesses.





06 | Digitally Protect Yourself
Get Protected has a great list of privacy-first, user-friendly apps to keep your activism healthy, private, and secure.



     


07 | Petition the White House
Sign a government petition for action against Trump’s presidency, his conflicts of interests, and the release of his taxes.





08 | 99 Ways to Fight Trump
99 Ways to Fight Trump offers a slew of great advice on actionable ways to resist and protest.





09 | Indivisible Guide
Written by former congressional staffers, the Indivisible Guide reveals best practices for resisting the Trump agenda.



     





     









Follow for UpdatesWe’re working hard around-the-clock to bring you more exciting resources, news, and information. To keep up with developments as they happen, follow us on social media.

















FOLLOW ON TWITTER




FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK













    
 
















Copyright © The Resistance Party 2017. All Rights Reserved. 


 
















Home
Join the Party
Our Mission
Our Platform

Summary
Official Platform


Resources
Connect
 








Start Typing   
















































 
 






















