
















Quick Links




mytmc
bookstore


mail
library


canvas


course schedules


computer center


transcript request


campus safety








apply
parents
bursar
calendar
give online
   






 






ABOUT
ACADEMICS
ADMISSIONS
Student Life
Adults
Alumni
Giving
Athletics
Bookstore




About TMC


President's Welcome
Strategic Plan
History
Our Namesake
Mission, Value, Vision Statements
Accreditation
Fast Facts
Human Resources
Official College Logos
Contact/Location
College Directory
Board of Trustees
Organizational Chart
Media Coverage
News
Calendar
Institutional Research and Effectiveness
Scheduling & Event Services
Video & Photo Gallery
TMC on Social Media
Desktop & Mobile Wallpapers




President's Welcome

2015-2020 Strategic Plan
Online Press Kit





Home > About TMC > President's Welcome
President's Welcome





I’m  Thomas More College President David A. Armstrong, J.D. This is my fourth year as president of our beautiful college in Crestview  Hills, Kentucky and I bring to it a  heightened level of excitement about  the future of TMC.   The 2016-2017 school year is historic.  We  have the largest incoming class in school history and the most students living on  campus for three years in a row. On a personal note, I’m so proud that my son  David is among the throngs of our first-year students. The growth in our enrollment is  the result of years of hard work and dedication by our students, alumni,  faculty and administration.  It promises a bright future for anyone who  becomes a Saint.

Our success,  however, goes beyond the numbers. There is so much to celebrate at Thomas  More!  We are celebrating our consecutive ranking as the #1 college for  Return on Investment (ROI) in Kentucky and Greater Cincinnati by PayScale, Inc.  We are celebrating the 2016 Women’s Division III basketball National Championship. We are celebrating  the addition of two new majors, Ethical Leadership and Management Information  Systems and the addition of wrestling as an extra-curricular activity.   Dance team and Rugby have been added as a new co-curricular activities. New  academic majors and programs enhance the educational experience of our students  and are shaping the future of Thomas More College.  We want students who  are passionate about their education as well as their out-of-classroom  endeavors.  

Thomas  More College has much to offer, from the nationally recognized STEM-focused Biology Field Station on the Ohio River, to our marching  band that has grown from 26 members two years ago, to now almost 100 strong,  and to the Mary,  Seat of Wisdom Chapel which  is the centerpiece of our campus in Crestview Hills, Ky.  

Through  all our change and growth we stay true to our mission statement, “Thomas More  College is the Catholic Liberal Arts College of the Diocese of Covington,  Kentucky.  Inspired by the Catholic Intellectual Tradition, we challenge  students of all faiths to examine the ultimate meaning of life, their place in  the world, and their responsibility to others.”  As one of 10 Diocesan  colleges in the country, we are proud of our Catholic intellectual tradition  and the mark that our alumni are leaving on the world.

The  excitement is growing for Thomas More College’s Centennial celebration in  2021.  As we plan to celebrate our first century, we are setting the  course for the next 100 years with four major goals: 


To build a comprehensive capital campaign which will give the College a strong financial  foundation for the next century. 

 To partner with developers to make the area around the  Thomas More campus a “destination of choice” for people of the region for  education, health and fitness, worship, culture and living. 

To seek university status to expand our reputation in the  region and globally. 

To ensure that Thomas More  is a leader in developing innovation in the future delivery of higher  education. 


I  believe you will love it here, as I do. You will receive a superior education  taught by dedicated faculty who share your desire to receive a quality  education in a values-based environment. For those considering Thomas More  College, I invite you to join us at this special time in our history as we grow  and expand on the traditions that have made us a top-tier regional college. For  our current students, I hope you are ready for the excitement exploring new  initiatives and opportunities that will broaden your educational opportunities.  We will continually strive to provide an affordable, quality education as we  prepare our students to become the leaders of tomorrow. We continue to affirm  that a Catholic education grounded in the liberal arts (which fosters critical  thinking skills, communication skills and ethical decision making) is the best  preparation for life and career.

I  am the product of an institution just like Thomas More College and because of  that transformative experience; I have dedicated my career to promoting and  advancing small Catholic liberal arts colleges that educate "For Your  Whole Life!"
TMC is the place to be!
      God Bless  and Go Saints!
Sincerely,

						David A.  Armstrong, J.D.
                        President
                        Thomas  More College






Athletics

Saints Headlines
Summer Camps
Hall of Fame
Athletic Training
Athletics Staff
Visitor's Information
Recruiting



Adult/TAP

Associates
BBA
BBA in Healthcare Management
MBA
Master of Arts in Teaching
Master of Education
BES Communication - Online
RN - BSN



Campus Community

Residence Life
Campus Ministry
Campus Security
Eva G. Farris Art Gallery
Biology Field Station
Campus Dining
BB&T Observatory
Theatre



Academics

3D
Academic Programs
Academic Calendar
Meet the Faculty
Library
Registrar
Computer Center
Bookstore



Admissions

Admission Process
Financial Aid
Arrange A Visit
Fast Facts
Programs of Study
Gemini Program
Scholarship Calculator



About TMC

President's Welcome
News & Media
Events & Calendar
Directions & Map
Human Resources
Video & Photo Gallery
TMC on Social Media
College Directory



333 Thomas More ParkwayCrestview Hills, KY 41017
          1-844-MyTMC4U | 859-341-5800 | contact

© 2017 Thomas More College








