








































Our Services



Cyber Secrets - Web series
Cyber Intelligence Report 
IA Security training
Full Red Team Penetration Testing 
Network vulnerability testing 
Web page vulnerability testing 
Physical security assessments
Computer forensics 
Mobile (Cell phone) forensics 
Network forensics 
Incident response
Litigation support 
Data recovery (logical & physical) 
Malware analysis 
Information Security Management 
Defensive weapons *comming soon
Defensive driving *comming soon


1-719-510-3554
I.W.C. News Feeds


CIR live feed  here 
Tweets by @cyberintel






Welcome to our site!

do you need an independent security consultant?



Advanced security solutions by top industry subject matter experts.
At Information Warfare Center, our mission is to provide premier security solutions that empower our clients with the latest cyber security knowledge and capability. We specialize in advanced information security and have extensive expertise in all levels of Information Assurance. Our SMEs and Consultants have expertise in commercial, health care, financial, SCADA/ICS, governmental and military applications and environments. We also offer support with Certification and Accreditation in the DoD, DOE, and other federal agencies using DIACAP, NIST, NIACAP and other C&A processes along with certification training to support DoD8570.1m.
Need a third party Nessus assussment for regulatory compliance? We can help at a great price. Ask about out quartlerly remote scanning offer.
The Cyber Intelligence Report (CIR) is back online! Read what you've missed
Stay tuned. Cyber Secrets releases episodes often.  If you have any comments or suggestions about the web series Cyber Secrets, feel free to contact us



Your browser does not support the video tag.


I.W.C. offers both instructor lead training and an online option to your cyber security education. Contact us for pricing and a course schedule. 


Your browser does not support the video tag.


 

News
Now GLOBAL.  We have assets in Canada, UK, Italy, Germany, Mexico, Mylasia, Malaysia, U.A.E, and throughout the U.S.
IWC has partnered with Unisys to provide computer forensic and penetration testing capability. We have also partnered with the teams at CyberForensics360.org and NetSecurity. Both are global forensic and security experts. Now with the new support for X1 social media forensics and Guidance Software's CyberSecurity Center, we now offer all levels of digital forensics world wide. 
Regional offering: Colorado based information security certification bootcamps in Colorado Springs, Denver area, Greeley. Fort Collins, and Loveland



 


security

consulting


Cyber & Physical SecurityOur Subject Matter Experts have a wide range of skills ranging from Cyber/Physical penetration testing to complete digital forensics to the entire Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process. With backgrounds in both commercial and government sectors, we have the right experience to help minimize your residual risks and can even help after an event has occured
Read more


Training

you can trust


Advanced Security TrainingWe offer a plethora of training in advanced cyber warfare and DoD 8570 mandated certifications by our world renowned instructors. This includes Ethical Hacking, Forensics, Reverse Engineering, SCADA, ICS Security, and Management along other things. We also offer certification bootcamps such as CISSP, ISSAP, ISSMP, CISM, CEH, CHFI, LPT, Security+, Linux+, and more…
Read more













Request info





Request info on
InfoSec Training
Pen Testing
Forensics services


tell us moresubmit





About Us 


Company Info
Services
Clients




Advice


FAQ
Solutions
Contacts




Join In


Sign Up for Mailing List
Forums
Promotions




InformationWarfareCenter© 2009-2015 Privacy policy






