



Skip to content





Home
Menu/Order
Meal Plans


Pure Paleo
Fat Loss
Muscle Gain
Sport Performance



More


Welcome


Recurring Orders
Upcoming Specials
Pick Up Locations
How It Works
FAQ
About
Nutrition
Blog



Order A La Carte






Instagram






Help


Email us: info@kettlebellkitchen.comCall us: (917) 267-8323Available M-F 9AM-5PM EST






 








LOGIN
 





Menu/Order
Meal Plans
Recurring Orders
Upcoming Specials
Pick Up Locations
How It Works
FAQ
About
Nutrition
Blog
 












I RESOLVE…

to stick to my New Years Resolutions…
Get Healthy meals delivered to your Home, Office, or Gym, and do it right with Kettlebell Kitchen…
View Our Menu





Meal Plans Made Just For You
Our nutritionists offer custom-tailored meal plans to help you achieve your personal goals.



 Pure Paleo




 Fat Loss




 Muscle Gain




 Sport Performance









How It Works
Eating well is as easy as 1, 2, 3


1
Order A La Carte or Create a Custom Meal Plan With Our Nutritionist
Work with our nutritionist to plan a menu just for you or choose from a menu of delicious offerings embracing clean eating.


2
Schedule Your Meal Pick Up
Plan your meals ahead for pick up twice each week. Orders need to be placed 5 days prior to delivery date allowing our chefs to use the freshest produce possible.


3
Pick Up from a Location Close to You
We deliver to a commercial refrigerator at the pick up location you select upon account creation. Your meals will be waiting for you to heat, eat and feed the champion in you.












Our Story
At Kettlebell Kitchen, we want to be your secret weapon to developing overall health and fitness; we believe that the foods which have nourished humans for millions of years – lean meats, vegetables, fruits, nuts and seeds - are the best tools to help your body rebuild and recover optimally. Our meals rely on traditional ingredients to minimize intestinal inflammation so you can better absorb nutrients and fuel the hardest working machine you know – your body! Meet our team and learn about how we got started.





Press
Don't Just Take Our Word For It.




Food Delivery 2.0











Designed for CrossFitters











Back-to-basics











Make good on those resolutions











perfect solution











Burn more and build more











Great delivery

















Been swamped this week, so the convenience of pickup is awesome! The food has tasted great-- Looking forward to next week’s meals!



John Cholish, UFC Fighter







I am a huge fan! KBK helped me attain great results-- I lost a total of 8lbs but also leaned up!



Michele Henschel, CrossFit King of Island Park







Their prices are fair, their service is excellent, their portions are large, and most of all, the food is excellent!”



Jason Gamba, CrossFit Garden City







Awesome food! I'm planning on making a huge order for regionals.... thank you so much for everything!!!



Ray Traitz, AMRAP Fitness & Crossfit Regional athlete













©Kettlebell Kitchen 2017
Email: info@kettlebellkitchen.com
Phone: (917) 267-8323

Site by K+L



 






