             
             Accessibility links  Skip to content Accessibility Help       BBC iD   

Notifications




   BBC navigation   News   News   Sport   Weather   Shop   Earth   Travel   Capital   iPlayer   Culture   Autos   Future   TV   Radio   CBBC   CBeebies   Food   iWonder   Bitesize   Travel   Music   Earth   Arts   Make It Digital   Taster   Nature   Local  Menu     Search


Search the BBC

Search the BBC



         



BBC Two


Trust Me, I'm a Doctor


 HomeEpisodesClipsPresentersIssues covered in the programmeSend us your health questions 
      Trust Me, I'm a Doctor  Going behind the headlines to give the definitive answers to health questions.              Share  this page       Share this with       Digg         Facebook         Google         LinkedIn         Reddit         StumbleUpon         Twitter     Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b04j9gny Read more about sharing.          On iPlayer                 New series    Episode 3  — Series 6   View Programme  All episodes available on BBC iPlayer (1 new / 3 total)     On TV          Episode 1  — Series 6   Thursday 00:15   BBC Two   View Programme information  All upcoming (0 new and 1 repeat)    Buy online Where to buyAvailable on: Video downloadFrom suppliers: BBC Store                  How can I get more omega-3 into my diet and how much difference will it make to my health?    Our volunteers see what happens when they eat oily fish or take fish oil supplements.   How can I get more omega-3 into my diet and how much difference will it make to my health?           What does eating a diet high in unhealthy fat really do to our bodies?    It turns out that eating lots of unhealthy fats could be worse for men than for women.   What does eating a diet high in unhealthy fat really do to our bodies?           What is giant cell arteritis and how can I recognise it?    This little known condition can cause devastating sight loss unless it’s spotted in time.   What is giant cell arteritis and how can I recognise it?           Are there any drug-free remedies for travel sickness?    We run through the home remedies and easy techniques you can try.   Are there any drug-free remedies for travel sickness?           Could targeting networks in the brain help to alleviate the symptoms of PTSD?    We find out about ‘neuromodulation’ – a treatment being trialled in California.   Could targeting networks in the brain help to alleviate the symptoms of PTSD?           Should I worry about plastics?    Chemicals like BPA and phthalates can get from plastics into food – but is this a problem?   Should I worry about plastics?           Can I really boost my immune system?    We reveal that when it comes to the immune system what's actually important is balance.   Can I really boost my immune system?           Is it safe to use cling film in the microwave?    We sent cling films to the lab to see if we should worry about chemicals getting into food   Is it safe to use cling film in the microwave?           What can I do about restless legs syndrome?    Why do restless legs happen and what are the treatment options?   What can I do about restless legs syndrome?             Clips   See all clips from Trust Me, I'm a Doctor          Why am I tired?       Always feeling shattered? This quick quiz explores why you might be feeling that way.       All issues covered in the programme       Everything we’ve covered, organised by broadcast and common theme.     Send us your health questions         Volunteer for a Trust Me experiment       We conduct experiments around the UK on a variety of topics.       Related Links  Trust Me, I’m a Doctor on Twitter (twitter.com)   Trust Me, I’m a Doctor on Instagram (www.instagram.com)               You may also like   View all       Similar programmes  By genre:   Factual >   Health & Wellbeing          HomeScheduleProgrammesTV Guide     

       Explore the BBC    News   News   Sport   Weather   Shop   Earth   Travel   Capital   iPlayer   Culture   Autos   Future   TV   Radio   CBBC   CBeebies   Food   iWonder   Bitesize   Travel   Music   Earth   Arts   Make It Digital   Taster   Nature   Local            Terms of Use   About the BBC   Privacy Policy   Cookies   Accessibility Help   Parental Guidance   Contact the BBC   Advertise with us   Ad choices    Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.        

 
  
    