






The Inveterate Veteran


Inveterate Veterans' Thoughts


Contact








The Inveterate Veteran




An outlet for all veterans' perspectives on the world, success, and life.




The Inveterate Veteran


Inveterate Veterans' Thoughts


Contact























Image Source: http://i.huffpost.com/gen/3189570/images/n-LAW-628x314.jpg







Interested in Cyber Security? Here are the 12 Books You Need to Read




So let’s be honest, you’ve probably heard the buzzwords, you probably can even repeat them in coherent sentences, but how many people have a good understanding of what is meant by cyber security and cyber war? Personally, I think that cyber war is a misnomer, but I made that point another article. Regardless of my opinion about the use of the term, there are normally two types of people who are interested in cyber security, people who are interested in the technical details and people who are interested in the effects. If you’re interested in the technical details, this reading list is not for you. However, if you’re new to the cyber security arena (or want to learn more) and are interested in learning more about the space here are the top 12 books I recommend that you read:











The Basics of Information Security, Second Edition: Understanding the Fundamentals of InfoSec in Theory and Practice

$24.20

By Jason Andress











The Cyber Threat



By Bob Gourley



  







Cyber War: The Next Threat to National Security and What to Do About It



By Richard A. Clarke, Robert Knake











Cloud Computing: Concepts, Technology & Architecture (The Prentice Hall Service Technology Series from Thomas Erl)

$45.54

By Thomas Erl, Ricardo Puttini, Zaigham Mahmood



   







Cyber Security Principles



By Garrett Gee











@War: The Rise of the Military-Internet Complex



By Shane Harris











Worm: The First Digital World War



By Mark Bowden











Cybersecurity and Cyberwar: What Everyone Needs to Know®

$13.18

By P.W. Singer, Allan Friedman











Cyber Security: Everything an Executive Needs to Know



By Phillip Ferraro











A Fierce Domain: Conflict in Cyberspace, 1986 to 2012

$24.00

Cyber Conflict Studies Association











Threat Modeling: Designing for Security

$51.00

By Adam Shostack











Glass Houses: Privacy, Secrecy, and Cyber Insecurity in a Transparent World

$12.49

By Joel Brenner












Join the Inveterate Veteran
* indicates required

Email Address  *




First Name 



Last Name 





 






  

					Newer:Top 3 Cyber Crime Issues in Healthcare for 2017Older:Reading List from Being a Round Peg Product Manager in a Square Hole World




PostedFebruary  9, 2017
AuthorJoshua Lawton
Tagscyber war, reading list, cyber security





















Subscribe
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




Email Address




Sign Up


We respect your privacy.
Thank you for signing up. 



Powered by Squarespace.  Content used with permission from Design Trust For Public Art Space.
















