 











 

Features
Pricing
Team
FAQ
Blog
Login










A.I. for Twitter
Our A.I. Ember finds what you are missing on Twitter
Manage your Twitter account with ease, save time, make more valuable connections and never miss a tweet or conversation.
Start Free Now 






Carry Ember in Your Pocket
Our A.I. Ember finds what you are missing on Twitter
Manage your Twitter account with ease, save time, make more valuable connections and never miss a tweet or conversation.
Download Now 






Get Twitter A.I. Superpowers
Meshfire is the only social media management platform powered by artificial intelligence.
Spend less time managing social media and more time building valuable relationships and communities.
Download Now 






Know What's Important
Not Just What's Most Recent
Meshfire puts all of its recommendations into a single Task Board where you can see what to do next, instead of being overwhelmed by constantly spinning timelines.
Start Free Now 






Scuf Gaming Uses Meshfire
Read the Case Study
How does a global leader and innovator in eSports with a large, active social media footprint stay ahead of the game? 
Read The Case Study 




s
S

















OUR INTELLIGENT AGENT: EMBER
Stop staring at screens all day. Ember, the social media A.I., works behind the scenes to analyze your activities. She suggests people to follow and engage with to maximize your reach and engagement and filters out people who contribute to the noise. She can even find relevant content for you to share with your audience!




SMART LISTS
Want to automatically add people to a user list when they mention specific keywords? How about maintaining a list of key people to whom you always reply? Or how about a list of noisy accounts to which you never reply? Smart Lists can do all of that and more.




TEACH EMBER
Now you can train Ember, our intelligent agent, to handle things just exactly the way you want.

Tell Ember who to look for and what do to with particular events. The possibilities are nearly unlimited.




TASKBOARD
Keep your focus on what’s important to you and get more done in less time. Our unique taskboard prioritizes social media for you so you can take action quickly and avoid the noise.





COMMUNITY TRENDING & KEYWORD TRACKING
Find the hottest topics in your community before the competition. Meshfire analyzes millions of tweets daily to show what’s trending, and who’s talking about it. Catch conversations and opportunities you’re missing today.




TEAM COLLABORATION
Meshfire was designed for collaboration. Team members can work together to manage a single social media account and you can easily control what permissions you give each team member.




A POWERFUL ECOSYSTEM OF YOUR FAVORITE SOCIAL APPS
Meshfire’s growing list of plugins includes Buffer for scheduling content, Flickr, Feedly, and Surveymonkey for content curation and creation, Bitly for reliable link shortening, Slack for team notifications, and Klout for influence insights.




METRICS AND REPORTING
Beautiful, downloadable, real-time reports track engagement, followers, impressions, and reach with visibility into top engagers, top followers, and top content. Get the insight you need to grow and the data you need to share.






Believe me when I say your productivity and engagement will increase ten fold!- @harmswaychad, That Social Media Blog 
I finally feel that I have 100% control of what I’m doing on Twitter.- @berget, slymarketing.com 
The community was surprised to learn it was only two of us with limited social media time, saying Cyan’s social media presence felt like a much larger team.- @hallstigerts, Marketing Gal Consulting 
Meshfire does the thinking for us. We're now joining the right conversations, and there’s no time wasted managing social media.- @Sharon_Herzog, Sex Wax 
I noticed a hashtag some local arts orgs were using for a tweet-chat that we didn’t have advance notice of, and was able to jump in about our youth programs! So awesome. I would not have caught it without Meshfire, for sure.- @posiegirl, EMP Museum 
As we've grown Scuf Gaming, Smart Tools become critical to our continued success. Meshfire is extremely valuable for controlled management and growth of our online community.- @ScufDunc, Duncan Ironmonger, CEO & Co-Founder Scuf Gaming 















 Recent News 

Meshfire Goes Mobile Again! It’s Android Time


Meshfire Launches New Programmable A.I. for Social Media







Latest tweets

Tweets by meshfire











Find us at

facebook.com/Meshfire
Twitter.com/Meshfire






Get Started Now Free

	Get Meshfire, the only social media management platform powered by artificial intelligence. Spend less time managing social media and more time building valuable relationships and communities.

    


			Sign-In with Twitter Now. IT'S FREE!
			

 





                        © Copyright 2014-2016 Meshfire, Inc.                    





















Get Meshfire. And Get Social Done.

What Is Meshfire? from Meshfire on Vimeo.











































