


















Login _

Social Sharing


Find TechSpot on...


Facebook




YouTube 

Twitter







Google+ 

Subscribe to TechSpot RSS


								Get our weekly newsletter
								





Search








TechSpot







Trending


Hardware
The Web
Culture
Mobile
Gaming
Apple
Microsoft
Google









Reviews


Outstanding
Laptops
Graphics
Smartphones
CPUs
Storage
Cases
Keyboard & Mice









Features


Must Reads
PC Buying Guide
Hardware
Software
Gaming
Tips & Tricks









Best Of









Downloads


Latest Downloads
Popular Apps
Editors Picks
Device Drivers









Product Finder


New Releases
New PC Games
Laptops
Smartphones
Routers
Storage
Motherboards
Monitors









Forums


Community Activity
Today's Posts



























Security

malware
kaspersky lab


A type of fileless malware related to Stuxnet has infected over 100 banks around the world
The malware has been found in 40 countries, including 21 cases in the US

									By Rob Thubron

on Feb 9, 2017, 10:30 AM



TechSpot

















It’s been seven years since Stuxnet, the computer worm thought to have been built as an American-Israeli cyberweapon, infected Iran’s nuclear facilities and caused damage that set the country’s nuclear program back by two years. Now, a derivative of the malicious software has infected over one hundred banks and other financial institutions around the world.
Russian cybersecurity company and anti-virus group Kaspersky Lab first discovered the new malware, called Duqu 2.0, on its corporate network back in 2014. As it resides almost completely in the memory of the computers, it went undetected for six months or more, reports Ars Technica.
New research from Kaspersky claims the invisible, fileless malware has gone mainstream and is now found on networks in 40 countries belonging to at least 140 institutions, including banks, government organizations, and telecommunication companies. There have been 21 instances in the US, though the actual number could be much higher, given how hard it is to detect.

Once an infected computer is rebooted, the malware renames itself, making it difficult for digital forensic experts to find any traces of the malware. It was only discovered by a bank’s security team after it found a copy of Meterpreter—an in-memory component of Metasploit—inside the physical memory of a Microsoft domain controller. Researchers found that the Meterpreter code was downloaded and injected into memory using PowerShell commands.
"We're looking at the common denominator across all of these incidents, which happens to be this odd use in embedding PowerShell into the registry in order to download Meterpretor and then carry out actions from there with native Windows utilities and system administrative tools," Kaspersky Lab expert Kurt Baumgartner told Ars.
To what extent the malware's presence could affect consumers who use the infected financial institutions is unclear. Kaspersky Labs said it will provide further details of the attacks and their objectives at the Security Analyst Summit in April.

Related Reads



							Stuxnet worm found its way to Iran's nuclear facilities via five hacked suppliers						






												7 comments
										
137 interactions



Share this article:




































Now Read This…




Project Loon now needs far less balloons to deliver the Internet, thanks to machine learning






Time to compare: Unlimited plans from T-Mobile, Sprint, Verizon, and AT&T






PewDiePie publishes response to anti-Semitic claims






















Popular



20 comments



For Honor: Graphics & CPU Performance




17 comments



AMD's Vega takes on Nvidia's GTX 1080 Ti as both companies hold events on the same day





The 12 Best Games for Android




10 comments



Time to compare: Unlimited plans from T-Mobile, Sprint, Verizon, and AT&T












Load Comments 7


...





User Comments: 7
Got something to say? Post a comment



Load all comments...











Discuss


18
Facebook won't load correctly, but other sites work just fine


11
Project Memex is Darpa's search engine for the Dark Web


14
Yet another female executive is departing Reddit


28
What online security measures do you use?


27
More unblocking companies give up their fight against Netflix










Recently commented stories
Jump to forum mode
















Add New Comment
You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate.




TechSpot Account

Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds.
												Already have an account? Login now.
											



You may also...



















Main Sections

Technology News
Reviews
Features
Product Finder
Downloads
Drivers



Community

TechSpot Forums
Today's Posts
Ask a Question
News & Comments



Useful Resources

Best of the Best
Must Reads
Trending Now
Hot Downloads



About TechSpot

About
Advertising
News Archive
Social & Feeds




Follow TechSpot

Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
YouTube
RSS



Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter









© 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
International Editions: US / UK India













