 








Have Questions?  Call 1 (844) GO TROFI



















About
Services

Virtual C/ISO Services
Virtual CTO Services
Penetration Testing Services
Regulatory Compliance
Network Security
Network Design
Special Projects


Contact
Careers
Publications
News











Intelligent Information Security
Optimizing Your Information Security Investments





About


About
Trofi Security was founded in 1999 to develop effective Information Security solutions.









Services


Services
We offer a full range of Information Security solutions.  Explore to learn more.









Contact


Contact
We're here for YOU!Let us know how we can assist you.






Contact Us









We Know Security.   We know Compliance. Let our Expertise be Your Strategic Advantage.
Download ourService Catalogue













Virtual C/ISO Services







Penetration Testing







Virtual CTO Services







Regulatory Compliance







Network Security







Network Design







Special Projects






Most small and medium-sized businesses understand their need for a sound information security strategy; however, many of them simply cannot justify hiring a full-time security executive. Until recently, only larger organizations had the resources necessary to benefit from hiring a Chief Information Security Officer in addition to hiring a Chief Information and/or Technology Officer to address their needs. The Virtual C/ISO model changes that.


Trofi Security's Comprehensive Penetration Testing services mimic an attacker seeking to access sensitive assets by exploiting security weaknesses existing across multiple systems. This service not only identifies individual vulnerabilities but also reveals how networks designed to support normal business operations can provide attackers with pathways to backend systems and data.  Whether for regulatory compliance, your clients, or your own peace of mind, Trofi Security's Penetration Testing Services will allow you to know exactly how well your security is working.


While most small- and mid-sized organizations have sufficient coverage for their network or desktop support, many lack the higher-end expertise typically filled by a  Chief Technology Officer. Full-time, executive-level technology expertise is often far more expensive than many organizations can justify or afford. The Virtual CTO model changes that by allowing organizations to leverage affordable, on-demand, executive technology resources.


Regulatory requirements have been, and continue to be, a reality for more and more organizations.  Even when that's not the case, clients are starting to demand the same level of rigor and discipline from their service providers.  If your struggling with achieving or maintaining the necessary level of maturity from your compliance or information security program, we have years of regulatory and compliance expertise we can bring to your business.


We make sure your environment is safe and secure. On the inside of your network, data access and loss can be intentional or unintentional. On the outside, your systems are regularly being scanned and attacked.  You know you need to keep your environment safe and secure, but you may not know all the potential security holes and how to address them.  We can help.


Trofi Security provides a variety of information technology services to businesses including Network Design and Implementation, as well as Enterprise Architecture.  Information Security done well is 'baked in' at the roots of an organization's infrastructure, application, and culture. Intelligent Information Security starts from the ground up.


We set you on the right path for success and keep you on it. You know you need to upgrade your existing IT infrastructure, or maybe deploy and implement new systems to meet your growing business needs to stay one step ahead of the competition. Trouble is, you may not know what to do or where to start.


Trofi Security provides a variety of information technology services to businesses including Network Design and Implementation as well as Enterprise Applications.


Trofi Security provides a variety of business information technology services including Network Design and Implementation, and Enterprise Applications.


When your network is down, your business is down. So you can't wait hours for a fix. Even if you have the qualified onsite staff to solve the problem, their time is better spent working on other projects. You need immediate help. And you need an aggressive program of ongoing maintenance to insure that problems never happen in the first place.


From security audits to digital office solutions, we help keep your business running smoothly. Your business is unique and so are your IT needs. That's why Trofi Security is committed to providing highly customized solutions and services that will better position you to achieve your business objects and stay highly completive in today's global economy.


A cost-effective way to leverage our extensive technology investment and the experience of our consultants. With our Managed Network Hosting service, we leverage our technology infrastructure to efficiently manage your IT operations offsite. We host your applications and data in our data center where our professional staff will monitor and manage them effectively.


Put our experts to work for you. Your business is unique and so are your IT needs. That's why Trofi Security is committed to providing highly customized solutions and services that will better position you to achieve your business objects and stay highly completive in today's global economy.









OurBenefits

Be secure everywhere. In today's world, it's important to understand all aspects of technology, and where threats come from. At Trofi Security we have experience accross all platforms so your business can be safe anytime, anywhere.
Save time and money. With Trofi Security, we handle all of your security needs, at a low price to meet your business needs.
Security made easy. Trofi Security understands your issues as a business owner and helps eliminate the burden of supporting and managing IT.



















Contact Info

1 (844) GO TROFI
sales@trofisecurity.com
656 Princeton Pl Lafayette, CO 80026



Testimonials
"Trofi Security was engaged after our company had a data breach, they identified the issue worked with CBI and local police to identify the culprit. After, the incident we hired them on to support our network and they have been doing it for over 7 years. They have been very knowledgeable and responsive to our unique environment and are highly recommended."- Gwen McConnell, Midwest Fabrication and Steel


Twitter Feed
















© 2015 - Trofi Security, LLC. All rights reserved.




 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 



