




















NewsElection 2016
Americas
UK
World
Europe
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsUS sports
Soccer
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1
WWE

CultureFilm
TV
Music
Books

LifestyleFashion
Food + drink
Travel
Health + families
Love + sex

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

US election
Daily EditionSubscribe for a free trial
Read Now

 




 





 




UK Edition 


US Edition 





Sign in
Register
Subscriptions
 






 





 NewsElection 2016
World
US
UK
Europe
People
Science
Health
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsUS sports
Soccer
Cricket
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1

CultureBooks
Film
TV
Music
Art
Theatre & Dance
Comedy

LifestyleFood & drink
Health & families
Love & sex
Motoring
Student
Travel
Fashion

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

VideoExplainer videos
News videos
People & culture videos
Sport videos

IndyBestFashion & Beauty
Homes & Design
Food & Drink
Gadgets & Tech
Outdoor & Activity
Arts & Books
Travel

MoneyHealth insurance
Investments

ExtrasThe Independent Books
Puzzles
indy100
Apps
Ebooks
iJobs
Dating

 
Follow us:

















We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more.

 








NewsWorldEurope
US child hacker confesses to launching cyber attack on Brussels Airport hours after Isis attacks

FBI traces hack to minor in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, but finds no 'terrorist motive'



Lizzie Dearden


@lizziedearden

Thursday 9 February 2017 11:43 GMT







Click to followThe Independent Online















 
        A Belgian soldier stands guard outside the partially reopened departure hall of Zaventem international airport near Brussels, Belgium Reuters 




An American child has admitted launching a cyber attack targeting Brussels Airport in the wake of Isis suicide bombings that killed more than 30 people.
The Belgian federal public prosecutor’s office said the suspect aimed to take down the Brussels Airport Company website and “infiltrate the computer system” on the night of 22 March 2016 but was unsuccessful.
Investigators traced the source of the hack to a property in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and handed the information to US authorities.

Read more

Brussels airport bomber guarded Western hostages held by Isis in Syria
First flights to depart Brussels Airport on Sunday after bombings
Why was Brussels Airport a target for terrorists?


“The FBI proceeded to conduct house search in Pittsburgh…and interrogated a minor of American nationality,” a spokesperson said. “He confessed.”
Preliminary interviews and searches of seized computers and other evidence have shown no indication of a “terrorist motive” or Isis links, prosecutors said.
“The Belgian federal public prosecutor’s office therefore wants to emphasise that this case has nothing whatsoever to do with that of the terrorist attacks on 22 March 2016 in Brussels,” a spokesperson added.
No further information was released on the suspect or his possible motivation.


In pictures: Terror attacks at Brussels airport 

















30
show all







In pictures: Terror attacks at Brussels airport 






































1/30



A man carries an injured person in Brussels Airport, after explosions ripped through the departure hall 




2/30



Travellers get to their feet in a smoke filled terminal at Brussels Airport after explosions




3/30



A man is wounded in Brussels Airport in Brussels




4/30



A man speaks on a mobile phone in Brussels Airport, after the explosions ripped through the departure hall 




5/30



Belgian police officers detain a man at the Gare du Midi train station in Brussels




6/30



A police officer stands guard as people are evacuated from Brussels airport, after explosions rocked the facility in Brussels




7/30



People stand near Brussels airport after being evacuated following  explosions that rocked the facility in Brussels




8/30



Crew and passengers are evacuated from Zaventem Bruxelles International Airport after an attack in Brussels




9/30



Passengers gather near Brussels airport in Zaventem, following its evacuation after blasts rocked the main terminal of Brussels airport




10/30



Two women wounded in Brussels Airport in Brussels




11/30



Passengers and airport staff are evacuated from the terminal building after explosions at Brussels Airport in Zaventem near Brussels




12/30



Passengers and airport staff are evacuated from the terminal building after explosions at Brussels Airport in Zaventem near Brussels




13/30



Broken windows seen at the scene of explosions at Zaventem airport near Brussels




14/30



People leave the scene of explosions at Zaventem airport near Brussels




15/30



People are evacuated from the scene after two explosions were heard at Brussels Airport 




16/30



People wait outside of the Brussels Airport after evacuation




17/30



People leave the airport area after explosions at Brussels Airport in Zaventem




18/30



Passengers comfort each other as they are evacuated from the terminal building after explosions at Brussels Airport in Zaventem 




19/30



People react as they walk away from Brussels airport after explosions rocked the facility in Brussels




20/30



Emergency services attend the scene of explosions at Zaventem airport near Brussels

Reuters



21/30



Injured people at the scene at Brussels Airport after two explosions were heard

PA



22/30



The aftermath of the explosions at Brussels airport

PA



23/30



People wait outside of the Zaventem airport after two explosions were heard

PA



24/30



Emergency services at the scene of explosions at Brussels Airport 




25/30



A view of the scene after the explosions at Brussels airport

PA



26/30



Emergency services at the scene of explosions at Zaventem airport near Brussels

Reuters



27/30



The aftermath of the explosions at Brussels airport

PA



28/30



The view of the Brussels airport after the explosion 

PA



29/30



Smoke is seen at Brussels airport in Brussels

AP



30/30



A photo shows cars on a blocked highway near Zaventem, Brussels National airport, after two explosions rocked the main hall of Brussels Airport

Getty Images






The attempted cyber attack came just hours after two Isis suicide bombers blew themselves up in the departures hall of Brussels Airport, killing more than a dozen people.
The third intended bomber, Mohamed Abrini, survived and fled the scene, sparking an international manhunt before being arrested weeks later.
Little over an hour after the first explosions, another Isis militant detonated his explosives on a train at Maalbeek metro station, bringing the total death toll from the coordinated attacks to 35.
The jihadis behind the bombings were part of a wider cell that carried out the Paris attacks in November 2015, massacring 130 people in bombings and shootings at a concert hall, bars and the Stade de France.
Investigations into a wider network linked to the atrocities continue, with judges prolonging the detention of several suspects detained in connection with the Paris attacks on Thursday, as well as the alleged Brussels Jewish Museum shooter Mehdi Nemmouche and a man suspected of stabbing two police officers in Schaerbeek in October.
In a separate anti-terrorism investigation, 11 people were detained for questioning and then released after a series of house searches in Brussels overnight on Tuesday.



              More about:
            
Brussels attacks
Brussels Airport
Brussels Airport attacks
Cyber attack
Isis
Islamic State
FBI


Reuse content










 


 



 

Comments














Most Popular








Video




Sponsored Features













Follow us:







User Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Code of Conduct
Complaint Form
Contact Us
Contributors
All Topics
Archive
Newsletters
Jobs
Subscriptions
Advertising Guide
Syndication
Evening Standard
Novaya Gazeta
Install our Apps
 
 
 
 
 


 










Close



We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.
Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.
Thank you for your support.
 


How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk
 Adblock / Adblock Plus

Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar.
On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

Click the Ghostery icon.
In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list.
In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted".
Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

Click the uBlock icon.
Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
Then reload the page.
 




Close



Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk 
Continue to our site





 





























