 












AboutWhy Choose ePublishingOur PartnersCase StudiesJobs @ ePublishingPlatformWhat Is An EPS?Key FeaturesContent ManagementCommunityeCommerceFulfillment Integration FeaturesWorkflowAudience Management + Fulfillment IntegrationSite SearchClientsBlogContact








Your browser does not support the video tag. We recommend you upgrade your browser.
            Your browser does not support the video tag. We recommend you upgrade your browser.
        













If all you want is a CMS,you’re not asking the right questions.
Drive revenue & engagement with a Digital Experience Platform
Learn How












































More Readers. More Data. More Sales.

A single Dashboard combines Editorial, Audience Data, Marketing & Sales.
We partner with Media Companies, Publishers, Associations, and Enterprises, to increase revenue, lower costs and build audience.
Exceptional software, proven processes, deep expertise and untiring customer service make it easy to switch, take control and make more money.

Request A Demo




Unify your websites, content, audience data, mobile, eCommerce & editorial workflow
Increasing traffic and reader engagement is just the start. Audience Data integrations propel sales. Workflow efficiencies save hours for editorial, art and marketing. No other SaaS Publishing Platform powers as many business models.





Simple features made powerful...
Contextual Articles, Gating, Lead Generation, Metering, Paywalls, Print Workflow Automation, Blogs, Editions, Integrated & Targeted Advertising, Classifieds, Videos, Podcasts, RSS, Social Sharing, Community, Syndication, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Ratings, Advanced Search, Site Licenses, Report Center, Photo Galleries, DAM Functionality and a lot more...
... Powerful features made simple



 Individualization
Drive revenue and engagement by delivering targeted content and advertising directly to an individual reader or demographic. Behaviorally driven and integrated with your third party and back office publishing systems.



 Events
Increase event attendance by producing and marketing your custom events with registration, attendee management, and event email marketing. Fully integrated with your Content, eCommerce and Audience Data.



 Audience Management
Break down silos between Circulation, Fulfillment and your other systems. Unify email service providers, access privileges, eCommerce, self-service portal and user tracking for a 360-degree view of your reader.



 Editorial & Print Workflow
Manage and control your entire editorial workflow: web, newsletters, print. Save hours each day. Maintain chain-of-custody, version control, release dates. Integrate photos, graphics, videos, sound clips and more.



 Buyers Guides/Directories
Deliver more readers and reports to your advertisers and become the complete resource. Products, news, videos, branding, downloads and more deliver qualified leads. Advertisers manage their listing and you generate the revenue.



 eCommerce
Give buyers a contextual eCommerce experience. Advanced shopping cart for hard goods, subscriptions, events, downloads and content. Your data drives contextual commerce to upsell and raise revenue-per-reader.






 as a Service
The best SaaS CMS for publishers is made better with experts tailoring an advanced system to your needs
Our professional services team has you covered. We design and deploy responsive sites with software that improves staff productivity & increases reader engagement.

Responsive Web Design – Custom or Bring Your Own
Best Practices Consulting
Custom Feature & Functionality Development
Tailored Integrations With Your Other Systems
Obsessive 24 x 7 x 365 Support


See Case Studies





Integrations;
      Be the center of your own ecosystem
    

With your data and content no longer stranded, you can leverage your investment in your existing systems, improve productivity and generate more revenue.


Circulation, Fulfillment & CRM
Association Management
Email Services Provider
Ad & Data Management Platforms
Marketing & Sales Force Automation
Learning Management (LMS)
Adobe InDesign/Production Systems
Social Ecosystems
Events, Media & Content Enhancements


Whether your goal is to become web-first by a CMS integration with Adobe InDesign™ or deliver your data to any number of systems to improve engagement, we can connect.
Remove silos and create content once to distribute and monetize through web, print, syndication, email newsletters, apps, site license and mobile.
The integrated enterprise powers more sales, more readership and better customer experiences.


See Integrations
Over 80+ standard & custom Integrations








ePublishing is the best CMS for publishers on the market, yet offers so much more. If there is anything better, I haven't seen it.
Steve Carder, Director Of New Media & Technology
IBJ Media

Has ePublishing helped us beat our bigger competitor to death? Yeah, big time!
Peter Sprague, Chairman
Premier Media Holdings, LLC

Microwave Journal has realized many benefits from moving to the ePublishing cloud-based platform such as better search engine ranking, increased traffic and increased revenue from advanced banner ad units.  The ePublishing platform eases content input while gaining the benefits of periodic system improvements in addition to other customized features Microwave Journal chooses to implement.
Pat Hindle, Technical Editor
Microwave Journal

Thanks and of course, none of this we could do as simply and quickly without you guys and your amazing CMS!
Jen Kern, Research Director
MDM

As an industry leader, we rely on ePublishing to ensure our web sites, streaming video and infrastructure stay a step ahead of the competition.
Alison Arden, Publisher
Advertising Age

We are an international company with very high expectations for service, skill and support.  ePublishing consistently outperforms with their products, knowledge and dedication. They are a big part of the success of our online initiatives.
Janis Arp, Vice President — Internet Applications
Stewart Title Guaranty Company

With ePublishing we get advanced features & functionality integrated with our circulation system, empowering us to sell more products, subscriptions and conferences - delivered with the service and support to keep us growing.
Jodi Oberle, Director Of Operations
FDANews





News & Blogs

ePublishing TLS 1.1 Deprecation NoticeOn October 28, 2016, ePublishing will discontinue support for Transport Layer Security version 1.1.


SaaS Update: Powerful WuFoo & Paypal IntegrationsWe are pleased to announce two new integrations: Wufoo Forms and Paypal Payflow Pro. Both are now out of beta and being used successfully by clients. Hop over to the ePublishing blog to see how one client, Wellesley Information Services has deployed both on an innovative new site: http://www.insider-books.com.


SaaS Update: More New AnalyticsWe all know that you can't improve what you don't measure. We have released four new types of reports available immediately that deliver measurable intelligence into Articles, Authors, Pages and Taxonomies.






Get Started
Sales & Information

We'd like to learn more about your business to tailor a solution to meet your goals.
Please call 312-768-6819 or contact us, and get what you want from a partner who cares – more revenue, better technology, improved workflow and lower costs.
No pressure, just results.



Get Ahead
Consult & Customize

Have a custom feature request, an idea to talk through, or would like a bit more training to get the most out of your ePublishing software? The best SaaS CMS is engineered to be flexible.
Please contact your ePublishing Project Manager directly or through our online project management system.



Get Help
24x7 Service & Support

ePublishing is obsessive about service – and we are always here to take care of you.
If you need immediate help or technical assistance – any time day or night – please visit our online support portal and a support specialist will get back to you within 15 minutes.



312-768-6800
Copyright 2017 ePublishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
See A Demo







