




iDownloadBlog











Home
Jailbreak

How to Jailbreak
Jailbreak News
Jailbreak Tweaks
Cydia


Unlock

How to Unlock
Unlock News


Apps

iOS Apps
Mac Apps
Widgets
Best Apps
App Finder


Tips

Tips
How to
Tutorial
iPhone Photography


iPhone

iPhone News
iPhone 6s
iPhone 6 Plus
iPhone 6
iPhone Photography


iPad
Mac
Watch
Apple Watch Guide
TV

Apple TV guide


Download
Deals













Crawlies, Cleanfox, TwIM and other apps to check out this weekend







Daily Deals: $210 Dyson V6 vacuum, $25 iTunes movie bundles, and more







Apple announces WWDC 2017 returning to San Jose, kicking off June 5







Let’s Talk iOS 174: We talked this rumor to death



 

skip to main content
skip to main menu

 


 




New malware uses auto-running macros in Word documents to infect your Mac

By Christian Zibreg, Feb 9, 2017 


Tweet

Leave a Comment





Taking advantage of a primitive Windows technique relying on automatically-running macros embedded in Microsoft Word documents, a new type of Mac malware attack has been discovered recently. As first noted in a research compiled by Objective-See, the technique used may be crude but once an unsuspecting user opens an infected Word document and chooses to run the macros, the malware installs itself silently on the target Mac and immediately attempts to download a hazardous payload.
The attack was first discovered in a Word file titled “U.S. Allies and Rivals Digest Trump’s Victory – Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.”
After opening an infected document in Word for Mac and clicking Enable Macros in the dialog, the embedded macro does the following things:

Checks to make sure the LittleSnitch security firewall isn’t running.
Downloads an encrypted second-stage payload.
Decrypts the payload using a hard-coded key.
Executes the payload.

Once installed, the payload could potentially log your keystrokes, monitor the camera and the system clipboard, take screenshots, access iMessage, retrieve your browsing history and more. It also automatically executes itself after a reboot.
Thankfully, the remote payload file has since been removed from the server.
Although dangerous, this isn’t a particularly advanced form of attack.
You can protect yourself from these kinds of attacks by ensuring that you click Disable Macros when opening a suspicious Word document. Given the prevalence of macros-based malware on Windows, small wonder Microsoft included a clear warning about viruses in Word’s dialog.
Source: Objective-See via Ars Technica




Share:
Tweet

Follow:
Follow @iDownloadBlog














We Recommend
New Mac malware from Russia targets your saved passwords and iPhone backupsMalwarebytes reports first case of Mac malware for 2017, points out antiquated tacticsmacOS Sierra preview: Auto Unlock your Mac with your Apple WatchA closer look at Differential Privacy in iOS 10 and macOS Sierra 


Related TopicsApple, Mac, macOS, Malware, Microsoft, Microsoft Office, News, Office, Privacy, Security, Word 


























 









Search





Connect with iDownloadBlog


















Facebook
Become a fan





RSS
Get the latest news





YouTube
Watch Us







Twitter
Stay up to date





Newsletter
News delivered to you





Google+
Add us to your circle


















 





The most recent headlines






TranslucentMessages makes the iOS 10 Messages app translucent with stunning blur effects







This tweak will let you force cellular network connections when launching certain apps







Crawlies, Cleanfox, TwIM and other apps to check out this weekend







AccessWithinApps prevents launch of Control and Notification Centers in specific apps







NoClose prevents you from accidentally force-quitting apps that are currently playing media



















 




The latest jailbreak news






TranslucentMessages makes the iOS 10 Messages app translucent with stunning blur effects







This tweak will let you force cellular network connections when launching certain apps







AccessWithinApps prevents launch of Control and Notification Centers in specific apps







NoClose prevents you from accidentally force-quitting apps that are currently playing media







Jailbroken on iOS 10 and miss the Apple logo respring screen? This tweak brings it back










iDownloadBlog
 

 












 




   













iDownloadblog.com



About

About
Advertise
Contact


Keep in Touch

Twitter
Facebook
RSS Feed
Newsletter
Push Notifications


Podcasts

Let's Talk iOS
Let's Talk Jailbreak


Site Stuff

Disclosure
Privacy Policy




 



    		Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
    	




















