

















Corner
Bench Memos
Bench
Magazine
Subscribe





Login

Donate
























 













The President Isn’t the Hero of the American Story
by Jonah Goldberg
EDITOR’S NOTE: The following is Jonah Goldberg’s weekly “news”letter, the G-File. Subscribe here to get the G-File ...











Why Was the FBI Investigating General Flynn?
by Andrew C. McCarthy
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was dismissed amid a torrent of mainstream-media reporting and disgraceful government leaks (but I repeat ...









Who Rules the United States?
by Matthew Continetti
Donald Trump was elected president last November by winning 306 electoral votes. He pledged to "drain the swamp" in Washington, D....



















The Heroism of E. D. Hirsch
by M. D. Aeschliman
E. D. Hirsch, Jr., who will turn 89 years of age in March, is one of the true intellectual heroes of ...









The Rise of the Tough-Guy Right
by David French
It’s not worth spending much time talking about Donald Trump’s press conference yesterday. He was the same guy ...





 



Michael Novak: Intellectual Godfather to a Generation of Conservatives
by Arthur C. Brooks
Next time your work is frustrating or unpleasant, reflect on these words: “Enjoying what we do is not always a ...









From atop the Summit
by Jack Fowler
Since the early 1990s, at first National Review, and now the National Review Institute, has gathered leading conservatives -- business ...








Donate Now
Subscribe


MAKE SOME
MAGIC HAPPEN!
Help Us Rebuild NRO


Donate Now






Subscribe to NR Magazine
Subscribe to NR / Digital
Gife the Gift of NR Magazine
Subscription Help
Subscribe to Our Newsletters





 



Oregon’s Euthanasia Bill Is Intentionally Ambiguous
by Ian Tuttle
Savagery can be subtle.

Oregon, which in 1997 became the first state in the U.S. to legalize assisted suicide, is ...









Who’s Encouraging Anti-Semitism?
by Jonathan S. Tobin
It would have been so easy for Donald Trump to address the issue of anti-Semitism at either of his two ...









Remembering Michael Novak
by George Weigel
Michael Novak loved the Catholic Church and the United States passionately. And with his death at 83, both Church and nation ...





 



Abolish Presidents’ Day
by Kevin D. Williamson
Monday is Presidents' Day, a.k.a. Washington’s Birthday (federally), a.k.a. Washington and Lincoln Day (Colorado, Ohio, ...









Why Social-Justice Warriors Think It’s Okay to Be Racist Towards Asians
by Mitchell Blatt
It happens all too often to Americans of Asian ancestry. They are walking home on a crowded street, and someone ...









Lib on the Rocks
by D. Keith Mano
Editor's Note: We honor our late former colleague, D. Keith Mano, by sharing over the next weeks several of his ...





 





The Great Wall, on the Border of Art
by Armond White








The Cover-Up in Search of a Crime
by Charles Krauthammer
It’s a Watergate-era cliché that the cover-up is always worse than the crime. In the Mike Flynn affair, we ...









Washington’s Supreme Court Imposes Its Progressive Faith on a Christian Florist
by David French
If you care about the Bill of Rights, the rights of conscience, or even the English language, there’s a ...









How the Center Does Not Hold 
by Jonah Goldberg
Turning and turning in the widening gyre
The falcon cannot hear the falconer;
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
...





 



The Media’s ‘Me Party’
by Heather Wilhelm
‘It took ten days for the glue that holds this country together to crumble,” New York Daily News columnist Linda ...










The Editors: Russia






A Special Ranch in Texas, Part II
by Jay Nordlinger
Editor’s Note: In the February 20 issue of National Review, we have a piece by Jay Nordlinger on Down Home ...





 



Post-Election






The Resistance Is the Best Thing That’s Happened to Trump
by David Harsanyi








Make the Flynn Tape Public
by Andrew C. McCarthy
Let’s hear the tape.

The Flynn affair is a tale of intrigue, with head-spinning twists and turns, manipulative spies, ...









Air It Out
by Rich Lowry
In an environment where every day has felt like a month and almost every news cycle has something that the ...









Partisan Lines Stay Fixed amid Trump Turmoil
by Michael Barone
Amid the turmoil of the first month of the Trump administration, with courts blocking his temporary travel ban and his ...





 



There’s Nothing New about Trump’s Deportation Policy
by Austin Yack
January 20, 2017, was the day the press rediscovered its profound interest in the deportation of illegal immigrants. Since Donald Trump was ...









Congress Should Investigate Allegations of Trump–Russia Ties
by The Editors
According to the New York Times, “Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump’s 2016 presidential ...









Trump’s Flaws Don’t Justify Illegal Leaks
by Jonathan S. Tobin
It may be tiresome and whiny, but there’s a reason President Donald Trump keeps reminding us that he won ...





 



Photo Essays






Westminster Dog Show








High-Flying Drone Hunters








USS Enterprise








Top Shots




 



Defending America








Photoshop of the Day








Cartoon of the Day




 



Podcasts







The Editors: Russia








Three Martini Lunch: Ted Talks







Bookmonger: Steven F. Hayward







Need to Know: Kill the Education Department!


 








The Corner



Michael the Kind


				Yuval Levin				
5 hours ago



 


The President and Russia


				Andrew Stuttaford				
6 hours ago



  









 


Get Our Newsletters

       






Photo Essay







						Westminster Dog Show 
					




  




   




 
 






About
Institute
Advertise
Contact
NR
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Privacy














