







Toggle navigation










Login
Register
RS Gathering
Diaries








×





 











Toggle navigation










“You Will Never Stop The Voice Of Liberty”: Steve Tucker Speaks Out On Truthy-gate



 Share on Facebook
 Share on Twitter

















“You Will Never Stop The Voice Of Liberty”: Steve Tucker Speaks Out On Truthy-gate 
DIARY / Ulysses Arn //&nbsp
	                                    Posted at 9:39 pm on November 12, 2014 by Ulysses Arn





Share on Facebook


Share on Twitter




























Filippo Menczer,
Truthy, is a nearly million dollar taxpayer financed research project of Indiana University computer science professor, Filippo Menczer, that tracked, monitored, and recorded tweets from conservatives on Twitter.  In a 2012 book Menczer admitted to using his Truthy project to have the Twitter accounts of several conservatives suspended.
Menczer and his Truthy project are the subject of a growing controversy in Washington as the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee and its chairman Texas congressman [mc_name name=’Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX)’ chamber=’house’ mcid=’S000583′ ] investigate why the project was given nearly a million dollars by the National Science Foundation and the researchers obvious targeting of conservatives.
One of the people Menczer admits to having targeted is leading Obamacare critic, insurance broker, and Chicago Tea Party leader C. Steven Tucker.
As the Washington Free Beacon reports:
The database was used to identify “several Truthy memes, resulting in many of the accounts involved being suspended by Twitter,” the chapter said.
Truthy was able to suspend the account of C. Steven Tucker, a health insurance broker, who often used the hashtag “American Patriots,” or #ampat, from his two Twitter accounts.
“This activity generated traffic around this hashtag and gave the impression that more people were tweeting about it,” the chapter said. “These two accounts had generated a total of over 41,000 tweets.”
C. Steven Tucker(right) and Mark Levin(left)













Trending How Much Does It Cost to Protect the Trump Family? | RedState

						Joe Cunningham						











Speaking exclusively to USofArn.com Steve Tucker, who has also been targeted by the IRS, sounded off on professor Menczer and his Truthy project:
(There is)No reasoning. Just targeting. I was too effective so they shut me down. Pure, unadulterated, taxpayer funded Fascism.
I guess the first amendment doesn’t apply to us Conservatives aye “Fill”? Cowards like you always operate in the shadows. You should hang your head in shame but just like Barack Obama you’ll never admit you did anything wrong because the ends justify the means. Know this, no matter what program or algorithm you develop you will never stop the voice of Liberty. For this is America and America was founded on Conservative principles. Conservatives make America great. Not cowardly, taxpayer funded Fascists like you
Tucker says that as of Wednesday evening neither congressman Smith nor anyone from the House SST committee has gotten in touch with him about Truthy-gate.


Share on Facebook


Share on Twitter

















Recent Stories













 


Hmmm. I Guess “Off the Record” Is Relative…



streiff





















 


WATCH: CNN’s Don Lemon Ends Show Early Over “Fake News” Mantra



Susan Wright






















RedState’s WaterCooler! Saturday 2/18/2016; Open Thread; Seniors of Anarchy; Ramp it up; Strangely Familiar; No Sane Man



Cowpens1781

















COMMENTSPOSTING RULES
      |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY
























Trending


With One Tweet, Chuck Todd Reveals The Truth About the Mainstream Media It Looks Like Trump Fans Got Conned by a Self Promoting Scientology Pitch Girl Hmmm. I Guess "Off the Record" Is Relative... WATCH: CNN's Don Lemon Ends Show Early Over "Fake News" Mantra Is China Set On Regime Change In North Korea?  











 


GOP Follows Up Trump’s Ridiculous Presser With Ridiculous ‘Media Accountability Survey’



Jim Jamitis


















 


New Poll Reveals Rodney King Is Very Popular With Americans



streiff























 


House Intel Chair Asks FBI To Investigate the Flynn Leaks



streiff


















 


REVENGE IS BEST SERVED…. WITH GRAVY? Chris Christie Settles the Meatloaf Debate with One Delicious Tweet



Mickey White























 


Sanctuary Cities Are Beginning To Whine About Losing Federal Money



streiff




















 


YOU’RE FIRED. A “Day Without Immigrants” Is Not A Day Without Consequences for Tennessee Workers



Mickey White


























Trending on Townhall Media












Has Congress Ever Really Balanced the Budget?

							finance.townhall.com						























Guns, Gear, & Training Archives - Bearing Arms

							bearingarms.com						























Face the Nation host: Media has to take ownership for its own credibility issues « Hot Air

							hotair.com						























Hill-arious! Chuck Todd tries to spin way out of bias backlash, steps on another rake instead

							twitchy.com						






























Home
RS Gathering
 Advertise
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use



Copyright   RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you




















