




















NewsElection 2016
Americas
UK
World
Europe
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsUS sports
Soccer
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1
WWE

CultureFilm
TV
Music
Books

LifestyleFashion
Food + drink
Travel
Health + families
Love + sex

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

US election
Daily EditionSubscribe for a free trial
Read Now

 




 





 




UK Edition 


US Edition 





Sign in
Register
Subscriptions
 






 





 NewsElection 2016
World
US
UK
Europe
People
Science
Health
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsUS sports
Soccer
Cricket
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1

CultureBooks
Film
TV
Music
Art
Theatre & Dance
Comedy

LifestyleFood & drink
Health & families
Love & sex
Motoring
Student
Travel
Fashion

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

VideoExplainer videos
News videos
People & culture videos
Sport videos

IndyBestFashion & Beauty
Homes & Design
Food & Drink
Gadgets & Tech
Outdoor & Activity
Arts & Books
Travel

MoneyHealth insurance
Investments

ExtrasThe Independent Books
Puzzles
indy100
Apps
Ebooks
iJobs
Dating

 
Follow us:

















We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more.

 








NewsUKCrime
Isis-linked hackers attack NHS websites to show gruesome Syrian civil war images

Exclusive: One analyst, says the hacks 'appear to be deliberately targeted at a British public institution and in particular at an institution dealing with something which affects every member of the public, their health'



Kim Sengupta
                      Defence Editor                  
Tuesday 7 February 2017 20:57 GMT




Click to followThe Independent Online















 
        Six websites struck by the group called the Tunisia Fallaga Team three weeks ago were in the south-west of England YouTube 




Islamist hackers linked to Isis carried out an attack on a series of NHS websites in a cyber-attack exposing serious flaws in security systems meant to protect sensitive information, The Independent has learnt.
Graphic, brutal images of violence from Syria’s war were put up on the sites by a group based in North Africa which declared it was carrying out the electronic raid in retaliation for the West’s aggression in the Middle East. 
This is believed to be the first time that an Isis-linked group has carried out a concerted attack on the NHS.


Read more



Syria's Bashar al-Assad says Donald Trump's focus on Isis ‘promising’


There was one instance of a health service site infected last year by a hacker who said he was an Islamist, but the new assault is being viewed by security agencies as much more serious and one which may pave the way for other such strikes.
The six websites struck by the group called the Tunisian Fallaga Team three weeks ago were in the south-west of England and ranged from ones dealing with childcare to funding, with the two sites particularly severely damaged.
The Independent has agreed not to give further details due to security considerations.
It is believed that patient data was vulnerable in the attacks, but initial checks do not indicate that any had been compromised. There is no suggestion patient safety was put at risk.
CAUTION: GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW

The hacking comes in the wake of a Government warning that the NHS was facing serious risk of cyber-attacks, something which was “no longer the stuff of spy thrillers and action movies, but a clear and present threat”.
Ben Gummer, Minister for the Cabinet Office , stressed that ”large quantities of sensitive data“ held by the NHS and the Government is being targeted by hackers.


Read more



Isis pay for refugee children in 'desperate' attempt for more recruits


The Tunisian group along with two other groups, Global Islamic Caliphate and Team System DZ, all connected to Isis, are said to carry out coordinated operations.
As well as airlines and media companies, the groups had broken into the US Central Command's Twitter and YouTube accounts and had published personal details of retired US military personnel.
The Tunisian group had carried out cyber-assaults on a number of countries in the past 18 months, becoming particularly active after the Charlie Hebdo murders in Paris, focusing on organisations which condemned the murders of the journalists.
In November 2015, it showed its reach in the UK with the infection of a Jewish school website in north London.
More images showed scenes from the Syrian civil war
Around the same time as the Isis-linked assault last month, the Barts Health Trust warned that its four hospitals – Royal London, St Bartholomew’s, Whipps Cross and Newham – were experiencing a virus attack.
This, however, is believed to have been criminal rather than political in nature.




Shocking images show Aleppo before and after the conflict
A Trust spokesman said: “We are urgently investigated this matter and have taken a number of drives offline as a precautionary measure.
"We have tried and tested contingency plans in place and are making every effort to ensure that patient care will not be affected.”
Some of the photos were graphic in nature
Khaled Fattal, the head of the MLi Group, which specialises in cyber-threat intelligence and security, said: “What happened to the NHS sites shows just how vulnerable some institutions continue to be.
"We have two types of these attacks, criminal and political, driven respectively by motives of profit and ideology.
"The political cyber attacks, what’s called policyber, can be organised by a terrorist group, or inspired by them, with individuals or small groups then carrying  out the attacks: very much like physical acts of terrorism 
“We don’t think that these attacks on the NHS were random acts. They appear to be deliberately targeted at a British public institution and in particular at an institution dealing with something which affects every member of the public, their health. So of course, this is very worrying.”


Read more



Hundreds of suspected Isis fighters arrested


Robert Emerson, a security analyst, added: “The cyber-terrorist threat to the NHS will be perceived as psychologically more serious than a purely commercial threat . The Government has acknowledged that the NHS and other public bodies are under threat, it’s a matter now of taking appropriate counter-action.”
A programme of training for students with work placements in security companies and Whitehall departments as well as the possibility for work at GCHQ has been launched with a target of 1,000 to be qualified by 2020. 
But the  House of Commons Public Accounts Committee accused the Government last Friday of failing to consolidate the “alphabet soup” of agencies supposedly dealing with cyber-attacks.
It claimed that the role of the Cabinet Office, which is responsible for protecting national institutions from hacking, remains confused. 
Labour MP Meg Hillier, who chairs the committee, said: “Its approach to handling personal data breaches has been chaotic and does not inspire confidence in its ability to take swift, coordinated and effective action in the face of higher-threat attacks.
"In this context, it should concern us all that the Government is struggling to ensure its security profession has the skills it needs.”



              More about:
            
Isis
NHS
cyber-crime
Hacking


Reuse content










 


 



 












Most Popular








Video




Sponsored Features













Follow us:







User Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Code of Conduct
Complaint Form
Contact Us
Contributors
All Topics
Archive
Newsletters
Jobs
Subscriptions
Advertising Guide
Syndication
Evening Standard
Novaya Gazeta
Install our Apps
 
 
 
 
 


 










Close



We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.
Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.
Thank you for your support.
 


How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk
 Adblock / Adblock Plus

Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar.
On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

Click the Ghostery icon.
In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list.
In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted".
Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

Click the uBlock icon.
Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
Then reload the page.
 




Close



Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk 
Continue to our site





 





























