






























































General: Boeing Heard Nothing ‘Unreleasable’ in F-35 Call With Trump





It’s About to Cost a Lot More Money to Launch a Nuclear Bomb





THIS WEEK: How to do business with SOCOM; Aerospace and defense exports soared in 2016





Donald Trump Will Defeat ISIS





We’re Ignoring the Best Bad Option for Syria





Sponsor Content
How Well Do You Know the Role of Social Media in Defense?
































Defense One










Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email










→







News


Threats


Politics


Business


Tech


Ideas





















A Suspicious Death and Three Cyber Arrests Point to a New Twist in the US Election Hack











        By
        Steve LeVine
      


              Quartz
            


          Read bio




          February 1, 2017
        


Topics






                        Russia
                      







                        Intelligence
                      










                  Alexei Nikolsky/AP
                  





    AA
Font size +

Print


            Russian President Vladimir Putin listens during a meeting of the council of trustees of the Moscow State University (MGU) in Moscow on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017.
          




Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email this article










        By
        Steve LeVine
      


              Quartz
            


          Read bio




          February 1, 2017
        

















                Some wonder why the Kremlin wanted this news out. Others called it 'too big not to leak.’
              




In the eerie world of international espionage, nothing of late has topped the official US accusation that Russian president Vladimir Putin plotted to put US president Donald Trump in power. Now, the tale has become even more salacious with the reported arrest of three Russian cyber experts, one of whom was perp-walked out of a meeting with a bag over his head, and the suspicious death of a former KGB general.
Russia experts say the episode suggests a possible purge related to the US election hack. In a twist of Kremlinology, others say Putin may only be pretending to have arrested and killed cyber operatives. Or, say still others, neither observation may be true. “Can we really trust Russian news?” asks Dave Aitel, a former analyst with the US National Security Agency, and now CEO of Immunity, a cyber intrusion protection firm.
The story of the arrests appears to have broken at the Russian newspaper Kommersant on Jan. 25. The paper reported (link in Russian) the arrests of Sergei Mikhailov, who heads the Center for Information Security, an arm of the Russian intelligence agency known by the acronym FSB; and Ruslan Stoyanov, a senior researcher with Kaspersky Lab, the computer security company.
Both men were last seen the first week of December. The independent newspaper Novaya Gazeta reported that (Russian), in a Stalin-style touch, a bag was suddenly thrown over Mikhailov’s head during a meeting of fellow intelligence officers, and he was led out. Mikhailov has not been seen since. The third arrest was of Dmitry Dokuchayev, a hacker known by the name “Forb.”

Subscribe

Receive daily email updates:
Subscribe to the Defense One daily.
Be the first to receive updates.








In all three cases, the charge is treason, according to Russian news accounts.

See also: By Lifting Sanctions, Trump Could Hand Russia’s Military a Lethal Technological Advantage
And How Putin Weaponized Wikileaks to Influence the Election of an American President

From here, the story gets hazy. One way or another, the arrests—according to the Russian media accounts—are linked to the country’s hacking of the US election. One suggestion is that those arrested are among the sources that led US intelligence agencies to conclude categorically that Russia hacked the election, that Putin ordered the hack, and that the objective was to help Trump.
Russian media suggest that one or more of the trio either leaked details of Russia’s role directly to American intelligence, or to Christopher Steele, the former British spy believed to have compiled the so-called Trump dossier. The dossier is a 35-page memo that suggested various links between Trump and Russia, involving information that allegedly made him vulnerable to extortion.
Which leads to the Dec. 26 death of a former KGB general named Oleg Erovinkin. An initial news account at the Russian website Life.ru said Erovinkin had been killed, shot twice in the head. That version quickly morphed into vaguer accounts of a death-under-investigation.
But the larger interesting fact related to Erovinkin’s death was that Steele’s memo cites a a source close to Igor Sechin, the Putin intimate and chairman of Rosneft. And Erovinkin—a long-time senior aide to Sechin—must be that source, a number of the news accounts speculate. Thus, according to these news accounts, there is a link between the Steele memo and Erovinkin’s death.
A big question is why the Kremlin, given its controls over almost all the country’s media, wanted this news out. Among the guesses is that the Kremlin wants firmer confirmation for the US, and perhaps the world, that it in fact did hack the US election.
Aitel, the cyber expert, says the answer is simpler—that the news was “too big not to leak. It is not going to go unnoticed that Kaspersky’s lead researcher went missing.”




                    Steve LeVine, Quartz's Washington correspondent, writes about the intersection of energy, technology and geopolitics, a juncture of some of the most important and quickly developing events and trends on the planet. Most recently, LeVine founded and ran The Oil and the Glory, a blog on energy and ...
                  

                    Full bio





More from


The tactics Russian intelligence uses to harass foreign diplomats
To protest Trump, Mexicans locked arms to form a friendly human wall along the US border
Russia’s call for a “post-fake era” sounds like fake news, as other countries warn of a propaganda blitz






Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email this article





























Most Read



1


Can a ‘Comparable’ Super Hornet Steal Orders from the F-35C?



2


So, American Mass Shooters and Islamic Terrorists Do Have Something in Common



3


This Is The Most Important Technology On the F-35


















Subscribe

Receive daily email updates:
Subscribe to the Defense One daily.
Be the first to receive updates.













Don't Miss






            Charted: Here’s How the Cost of Each Version of the F-35 is Changing
          





            For the Army, ‘Cyber War’ Is Quickly Becoming Just War
          





            Washington’s Dangerous Drums of War on North Korea
          





            Take Off the Pentagon’s Gloves in the ISIS War? Not So Fast.
          





            The Drones of ISIS






            Pentagon Building Cruise Missile Shield to Defend US Cities From Russia
          





            The Middle East Has 4 Minutes To Act If Iran Fires a Missile
          





UPDATED: Mapping Trump’s National-Security Conflicts of Interest
          





            Weapons of the Syrian War: Airpower
          







Show Comments
Loading...
Hide Comments



          By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or
          otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and
          has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems
          to be in violation of this rule.
        





Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.

















































« Previous
DoD wants more 2017 funds; US ups support for Syrian Kurds; Escalation in Ukraine; How lifting sanctions could help Russia’s military; and just a bit more...



Next »
CIA, ODNI Get Exemption from Trump's Hiring Freeze









General: Boeing Heard Nothing ‘Unreleasable’ in F-35 Call With Trump





It’s About to Cost a Lot More Money to Launch a Nuclear Bomb





THIS WEEK: How to do business with SOCOM; Aerospace and defense exports soared in 2016





Donald Trump Will Defeat ISIS





We’re Ignoring the Best Bad Option for Syria





Sponsor Content
How Well Do You Know the Role of Social Media in Defense?



















« Previous
DoD wants more 2017 funds; US ups support for Syrian Kurds; Escalation in Ukraine; How lifting sanctions could help Russia’s military; and just a bit more...



Next »
CIA, ODNI Get Exemption from Trump's Hiring Freeze






Defense One



About
Contact Us
Events
Advertise
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions


Government Executive
Nextgov
Quartz
National Journal
The Atlantic
CityLab

© 2017 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved.






















Close [ x ]
More from DefenseOne








       
    

Next Story


       
    







×







        News, analysis, and ideas driving the future of U.S. defense: straight to your inbox.
      



            Sign up for Defense One Today
          







    My email is ...
  




    I work for ...
  

--select--
Military
Federal Government
State/Local Government
Contractor
Private Sector
Retired






Also get The D Brief, your daily source for insights and analysis of the latest in defense news







Yes, Defense One can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations.







          Sign up
        


View Privacy Policy








        Thank you.
      



            Help us tailor content specifically for you:
          








    Full Name
  




    Agency/Department
  

--select--
Air Force
Army
Coast Guard
Navy
Marines
Department of Agriculture
Department of Commerce
Department of Education
Department of Energy
EPA
Executive Office of the President/Vice President
GSA
Department of Defense
Department of HHS
Department of Homeland Security
Department of HUD
Department of Interior
Judiciary Branch
Office of the Secretary of Defense
Department of Justice
Department of Labor
Legislative Branch
NASA
OMB
OPM
SSA
Department of State
Department of Transportation
Department of Treasury
USPS
Department of Veterans Affairs
Other Agency
Government Association
County
Municipal
Higher Education
K-12 Education
Special District
State




    Job Function
  

--select--
Agency Leadership
Business & Operations
Technology Management
Financial/Contract Management
Human Resource Management
Sales & Marketing
Other




    Phone number
  




    Zip code
  






          Submit
        


View Privacy Policy





    Thank you for subscribing to newsletters from DefenseOne.com.
    We think these reports might interest you:
  


Software-Defined Networking
So many demands are being placed on federal information technology networks, which must handle
vast amounts of data, accommodate voice and video, and cope with a multitude of highly connected devices
while keeping government information secure from cyber threats. This issue brief discusses the state of SDN in the federal government and the path forward. 

          
            View
          
          



Military Readiness: Ensuring Readiness with Analytic Insight
To determine military readiness, decision makers in defense organizations must develop an understanding of complex inter-relationships among readiness variables. For example, how will an anticipated change in a readiness input really impact readiness at the unit level and, equally important, how will it impact readiness outside of the unit? 
 
Learn how to form a more sophisticated and accurate understanding of readiness and make decisions in a timely and cost-effective manner.

          
            View
          
          



Cyber Risk Report: Cybercrime Trends from 2016
In our first half 2016 cyber trends report, SurfWatch Labs threat intelligence analysts noted one key theme – the interconnected nature of cybercrime – and the second half of the year saw organizations continuing to struggle with that reality. The number of potential cyber threats, the pool of already compromised information, and the ease of finding increasingly sophisticated cybercriminal tools continued to snowball throughout the year.


          
            View
          
          



A New Security Architecture for Federal Networks
Federal government networks are under constant attack, and the number of those attacks is increasing. This issue brief discusses today's threats and a new model for the future. 

          
            View
          
          



Information Operations: Retaking the High Ground
Today's threats are fluent in rapidly evolving areas of the Internet, especially social media. Learn how military organizations can secure an advantage in this developing arena.

          
            View
          
          




    When you download a report, your information may be shared with the
    underwriters of that document.
  


      Finished 


Privacy Policy






















