










Tour 


Tour our software 

360 Marketing Automation
Agency365 Solution
Calendar
CRM
Email Autoresponder
Email Marketing
Facebook Automation
Fax Marketing
Forms
IP Blacklist Monitor
Landing Pages
Live Chat
SMS Marketing
Sonar Web Tracking
Surveys
Twitter Automation
Voice Broadcasting


Tour industry solutions  

Political Marketing
Restaurant Marketing Software
Healthcare
Automotive
Educational Institutions
Hospitality
Media & Entertainment
Nonprofits
Real Estate
See all Industries…




Pricing 


Software Pricing 

360 Marketing Automation
Email
SMS
Fax
Voice
Facebook
Twitter
Landing Page
Form
Survey
Blacklist Monitor




Resources
Partnerships
Company
Blog
More



Sign in

















Simple Marketing Automation Software

 See why
Request a demo
Our software
Marketing for business








Marketing automation is changing business
Clients all over the world are seeing a dramatic improvement when switching to the marketing, sales and support tools we offer.



 Discovery tools
Never question whether a person is a good sales prospect or engaged customer. With tools like anonymous web tracking and signup forms, you always have the answers you need. 





 Simple organization
Always know which leads are the best prospect and never miss a followup. The SimplyCast CRM allows you to automate your sales and support processes with pipelines, tasks, lists and tagging.





 Automated marketing
Never miss a beat. Through the power of our automation manager, SimplyCast 360, you can supercharge your customer communication with automated flows sent through email, SMS, voice broadcasts and fax communications.





 Support simplified
Ensure a customer never feels left behind. Automated communications ensure that a customer is always reached at the right time, and live chat ensures that their questions are always answered.





 Conversion made easy
No coding skills required! Power all of your conversions with our landing page tool. Create beautiful landing pages and easily convert with a built-in signup form.





 Powerful analytics
Don't question your marketing. All of our tools have dedicated reporting so you can see exactly what works and optimize for the best marketing possible. On top of this, we have powerful split testing tools to ensure your campaigns are always successful.


 
See how marketing automation can grow your business
      Explore our software 











We’re built for your industry
You know what you want to do, and we know how to do it for you. Don’t worry about having to figure out how to adapt your business to our software. We’ve built automation flows, created hand-crafted resources, and have a dedicated strategy team to help you get straight from creating your account to revolutionizing your business!
Find your industry 








Use your favorite apps
Already use a CRM or do you use an eCommerce platform to sell your products? Don't worry, we're integrated with many of the industry leading CRMs, eCommerce platforms and more. Plus, if we don't have your app yet, you can request it!
View our integrations








All of the resources you'll need
New to automation, or wanting to take your skills to next level? We’ve got a resource center with FAQs, feature documentation, videos, downloadable resources and more!
Browse our resources







What Our Clients Have To Say
Hear what our customers think of our product

When you decide on a marketing automation software tool, you’re not just committing to a few months of engagement.

You’re committing to years of engagement. All your leads, lists and sequences will be married to the product you choose.
That’s why you need to know, with certainty, that the product you choose will have your back when you really need them.

And that’s why Fairhead Creative regularly chooses SimplyCast for its clients.

Not because of the features they have today. But because of the support we’ll get tomorrow.

When you have months (or years) of data inside a product, and you need help with something, there’s nowhere else to turn. SimplyCast picks up the phone. Their competitors don’t. That counts for a lot.

				Adam Fairhead, Founder, Fairhead Creative				



Over my career, I have used a number of vendors to manage community communication, never completely satisfied with the tools available, customer service, or a combination of both.

I finally found the right combination of products and service when I tried Simplycast ... Firestorm has found a true partner in Simplycast. Thanks Simplycast, for understanding our need to put our clients first, and making it so easy to do so.

				Karen Masullo, VP, Firestorm				







Connect With Us
Follow us on social media for updates and to ask questions





Follow us on Facebook





Follow us on Twitter





Follow us on Google Plus





Follow us on LinkedIn





Follow us on Pinterest








Sign up and automate your marketing today!
Get back to focusing on your business by using marketing automation








Company

About SimplyCast
Careers @ SimplyCast
Press


Resources

Resource Center
Marketing Automation Blog
Industry Marketing Solutions
SimplyCast API


Contact Sales

North America1-866-323-6572 ext. 1
Australia+61.2.8011.3385 ext. 1
United Kingdom+44.20.7558.8954 ext. 1


Support

Contact Us
FAQs







      Find us on:
           

© 2017 SimplyCast
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Anti-spam Policy





Free trial
Sign in
Software
Industries
Resource Center
Partnerships
About Us
Blog
Careers





Find what you're looking for
Search our site or browse the additional resources below







or

Explore Our Software

See our platform
Learn industry strategies


Browse Our Resources

Downloads
FAQs
Features
Video Tutorials
API Documentation


Learn About SimplyCast

Contact Us
About Us
Media Relations
Press


 



















Almost done creating your account!
We just need a few more pieces of info to get you started!












Are you interested in being a reseller?



By clicking this button, you agree to SimplyCast’s Anti-SPAM Policy & Terms and Conditions








