







 &nbsp(91) 124-4261117
























Toggle navigation








Home
About Us
Services
Courses
E-Courses

Events

Gallery


Contact





















@The Millennium School, Bathinda "
Workshop on-Technology & Cyber "@The Millennium School, Bathinda "
Read More















C|SCU FOUNDATION Be Aware...Connect with care
Become a certified ethical hacker...
Read More















 Workshop on-Technology & Cyber "An Independent Theater of War "
in Tantia University, Rajasthan
Read More















C|EH Pinnacle of the Most Desired Information Security Training Program
Defend your network against hackers...
Read More















C|HFI Computer Hacking Forensic Investigator Certificate
Master the Core technology of Ethical hacking ...
Read More















iClass CyberIIP online Training Portal
Accredited by EC-Council, USA
Read More























Features
Our Online OnDemand Training Courses give you the ability to train wherever, whenever you want! Our courses include the following training features:






Expert Lectures
Our trainers are experienced professionals  and expertised 





Penetration Testing
Panetration Testing for secure Websites





Demonstrations
 Practical examples aid in better grasping of the subject





Cyber Training
Live training on real cyber attack situations





Classroom Programs
Complete reading material and notes along with lectures 





Certification
Certification by EC Council at successful completion 









Recent Works
A Workshop was conducted on Technology & Cyber - “An Independent Theater of War” in Tantia University, Rajasthan
 The Session was taken by Cyber Security Expert & CyberIIP Senior Business Partner Mr. Rakshit Tandon, a well known name in Cyber Safety arena. 







The Millennium School, Bathinda 
Cyber Workshop conducted by CyberIIP, Resolving Queries, regarding cyber Security
 View









The Millennium School, Bathinda 
Cyber Workshop conducted by CyberIIP, Resolving Queries, regarding cyber Security
 View









Cyber  Workshop
Technology & Cyber “An Independent Theater of War” conducted by CyberIIP
 View









Cyber  Awareness 
Awareness Session on CyberSecurity was taken by Senior Partner Mr. Rakshit Tandon, CyberIIP
 View









 
Our founder chairman Mr.  Rakesh Malaviya with Mr.  Subhash Chandra owner zee media & channels @ 4th icpas conference Margao, Goa
 View









CSCU Foundation
Class 5th to 12th took part in the CSCU Foundation Training Course
 View









Cyber Initiative 
Cyber Safety initiative was taken by CYberIIP & ASEAP in NCR
 View









Cyber  Campaign 
National School Cyber Safety Campaign hosted by Mr. Rakshit Tandon
 View










Our Service
Our services are tailored for students, academicians and professionals from various Schools, Colleges, Universities, Government Agencies and Corporate.








Training Classes
 Provide advanced and expert level career-oriented training and certification on cyber security.









  Awareness Workshops 
Introduce target audience towards Cyber arena against the backdrop of potential threats and solutions.









Seminars
Provide a platform for meaningful engagement of the target audience with Cyber experts 









IP Awareness Workshops
Introduce target with different forms of IPR and their relevance in today’s world.









Mobile cyber Security
Provide a platform for securing your mobile world with Cyber professionals.









Penetration Testing 
A full backend support of your website through penetration testing by cyber professionals. 










Our Skills
Our team comprises illustrious CyberIIP professionals demonstrating years of experience, skills and expertise in the subject domains. The trainers are distinguished in various domains of CyberIIP, adept at instructing as per the unique requirements of the target audience.

CyberSecurity Training


85%




IPR Training


95%




Online Courses


80%




Certification


90%







 Events





                                 January, 18th 2017
                                  










The Millennium School, Bathinda. 
CyberIIP Conducted a workshop on Technology & Cyber  
											  in The Millennium School, Bathinda.









                                  October, 7th 2016
                                  










Cyber Security Workshop for Students 
CyberIIP Conducted a workshop on Technology & Cyber "An Independent theater of War"  
											  in Tantia University, Rajasthan.









                                  February, 6th 2016
                                  










Cyber Security Workshop for Teachers
CyberIIP is conducting “Cyber 
											 Security Workshop for Teachers” in Baba Mastnath University, Rohtak.









                                  January, 16th-18th 2016
                                  










4th International Conference on Psychology and Allied Sciences
The theme of the 4th ICPAS is “Positive Schooling: A Heaven for Holistic Development” 
											 that invites research findings and applications for promoting positive schooling from psychology and 
											 allied sciences.  CyberIIP is sponsering Partner for the Mega Event.









                                  January, 13th 2016
                                  










Cyber Security Awareness Campaign for Teachers
CyberIIP is conducting “Cyber Security Awareness Campaign for Teachers” in Inderprastha International School, Dwarka.









                                  December 2015
                                  










National School Cyber Safety Training Campaign
CyberIIP is come up with a National launch of Cyber School Safety Campaign in Panipat with Mr. Hector Dutt, Business Associate CyberIIP & Dainik Jagran Panipat.
The session was taken by Mr. Rakshit Tandon, a cyber security expert & Business associate of CyberIIP. 










                                  November 2015
                                  





A workshop has been conducted by CyberIIP for various school Teachers. The session was on Cyber Security “Hacking Essential” in Woods, Gurgaon. 
Mr. Siddhant, (CEH, Certified ethical Hacker & ENSA Expert) took the session on Cyber Awareness & Ethical Hacking.  







                                  October 2015
                                  





A full day workshop entitled “National School Cyber Safety Campaign” was conducted in collaboration with Ansal University, Gurgaon, ASEAP & IAHRW. Various School, colleges, institute as well as University dean & Principals were the part of the workshop. 
The workshop session was taken through by Mr. Rakshit Tandon, a cyber security expert & Business associate CyberIIP. 







                                  September 2015
                                  





CSCU Foundation Course was conducted in AL-FALAH University, Faridabad with the help of Mr. Razi. A 6 day camp was conducted in AL-Falah University Campus where around 600 students from various domains went under CSCU Foundation training.  
According to the faculty “the CSCU Foundation course will help our student to secure themselves from various cyber attacks and also help them to grow in the field of Cyber Safety and make their future more secure” said Mr. Manoj, Computer Science Department. 













 Latest Courses Updation



C
                                        |EH V9
E
                                        |NSA V9

                                        L|PT V9

                                        C|SCU V2

                                        C|HFI









Certified Ethical Hacker
This class will immerse the students into an interactive environment where they will be shown how to scan, test, hack and secure their own systems. The lab intensive environment gives each student in-depth knowledge and practical experience with the current essential security systems. Students will begin by understanding how perimeter defenses work and then be lead into scanning and attacking their own networks, no real network is harmed. Students then learn how intruders escalate privileges and what steps can be taken to secure a system. Students will also learn about Intrusion Detection, Policy Creation, Social Engineering, DDoS Attacks, Buffer Overflows and Virus Creation. When a student leaves this intensive 5 day (40 Hours) class they will have hands on understanding and experience in Ethical Hacking.
												 








EC-Council Network Security Administrator
The EC-Council's ENSA certification looks at the network security in defensive view while the CEH certification program looks at the security in offensive mode. The ENSA program is designed to provide fundamental skills needed to analyze the internal and external security threats against a network, and to develop security policies that will protect an organization’s information. Students will learn how to evaluate network and Internet security issues and design, and how to implement successful security policies and firewall strategies. In addition, they will learn how to expose system and network vulnerabilities and defend against them.
											   








Licensed Penetration Tester
EC-Council’s Certified Security Analyst/LPT program is a highly interactive 5-day security class designed to teach Security Professionals the advanced uses of the LPT methodologies, tools and techniques required to perform comprehensive information security tests. Students will learn how to design, secure and test networks to protect your organization from the threats hackers and crackers pose. By teaching the tools and ground breaking techniques for security and penetration testing, this class will help you perform the intensive assessments required to effectively identify and mitigate risks to the security of your infrastructure. As students learn to identify security problems, they also learn how to avoid and eliminate them, with the class providing complete coverage of analysis and network security-testing topics.
												 








Certified Secure Computer User
The purpose of the CSCU training program is to provide students with the necessary knowledge and skills to protect their information assets. This class will immerse students into an interactive environment where they will acquire fundamental understanding of various computer and network security threats such as identity theft, credit card fraud, online banking phishing scams, virus and backdoors, emails hoaxes, sex offenders lurking online, loss of confidential information, hacking attacks and social engineering. More importantly, the skills learnt from the class helps students take the necessary steps to mitigate their security exposure.
												 








Computer Hacking Forensic Investigator
CHFIv8 presents detailed methodological approach to computer forensics and evidence analysis. It is a comprehensive course covering major forensic investigation scenarios that enables students to acquire necessary hands-on experience on various forensic investigation techniques and standard forensic tools necessary to successfully carryout a computer forensic investigation leading to prosecution of perpetrators.
													



 
 
 




Testimonials





We appreciate the work of CyberIIP and especially Mr. Malaviya for their steps towards CyberSecurity
-Rachna Pant/ Principal, Ramjas School







Training program conducted by CyberIIP helped our students to groom their Cyber Skills and Cyber knowledge
-Sangeeta Saxena/ principal, Chiranjiv Bharti










Our Accredited Training partner


 



We are partnered with some of the cyber renowned organizations 



 
 
 
 

















Do you have questions about your Cyber Security portfolio?

 
Feel free to contact us on (91) 124-4261117












Get in touch






Follow Us





















Twitter Feed
Tweets by @IIPedu_in








Facebook Feed

CyberIIP










Institute of Intellectual Property's (IIP) mission is to create a workforce of intellectual property and cyber security professionals who are better positioned to be employable by IP and IT firms


Phone Number: (91) 124-4261117
Email: info@cyberiip.com
Website: www.cyberiip.com











© 2016 CyberIIP.com - All Rights Reserved  




Sitemap

Privacy Policy

Contact



















