





MENU

About Us

Our Team
Board
Advisory Committee
Youth Committee


Supporters and Partners
#CanWomenSTEM150
Resources

Events
Volunteer Opportunities
#HVThinkTank Accelerator


Contact Us






About Us

Our Team
Board
Advisory Committee
Youth Committee


Supporters and Partners
#CanWomenSTEM150
Resources

Events
Volunteer Opportunities
#HVThinkTank Accelerator


Contact Us






Happy 4th for us! We made it this far!
 By Doina Oncel on February 14, 2017 under Success

 
Today is a VERY special day for all of us at hEr VOLUTION and for women in #STEM in Canada, we celebrate our 4th anniversary. Yes, that’s right, 4 years of achievements and still going strong.
Some of the things we have achieved: are:


Facilitated over 15 workshops GTA-wide from Scarborough to Milton.


Facilitated 3 summer tech camps for girls in partnership with Mozilla, Toronto Reference Library, People and Code and Salesforce.


Served over 1000 kids and young women


Partnered with over 25 key stakeholders.


Featured over 17 women in STEM on our #STEMSpark project.


Secured funding from Ontario Trillium Foundation to launch our hEr VOLUTION Think Tank Accelerator Program designed to intersect young women to technology, math & financial literacy in an entrepreneurial setting.


Trained & mentored over 50 volunteers so far.


Became an official mentoring
organization
for Women in Aerospace Canada


Speaking at various events, symposiums, panels, conferences and Lunch & Learns.


Official STEM & Non-profit
organization
representing women in STEM at 2016 Summit on Talent and Skills in the New Economy.


Nominated by Thrive in Canada & Women of Influence


Featured on various media platforms such as print, online & radio interviews


READ MORE


150 Days of Canadian Women in STEM #CanWomenSTEM150
 By Doina Oncel on February 11, 2017 under CanWomenSTEM150 Engineering Math Mathematics Science Technology

 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Doina Oncel
Tel. 647 878 9285
Email: doina@hervolution.org
Date: February 10, 2017
 
hEr VOLUTION PRESENTS 150 DAYS OF CANADIAN WOMEN IN STEM
To celebrate Canada’s 150th birthday, hEr VOLUTION focuses on celebrating
Canadian Women in STEM
 
150 Days of Canadian Women in STEM is the first-of-its-kind initiative focusing on celebrating Canadian Women in STEM, via Social Media. We will commit to bringing awareness to the achievements accomplished by the “hidden figures” in the science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) fields in Canada.READ MORE


#STEMSpark: Biologist Samantha Yammine shares her fascination with the natural world through social media
 By Wendy Jacob on November 21, 2016 under Science STEM Spark
Processed with VSCO
Samantha Yammine is a PhD candidate studying stem cell biology and brain development who shares information on her specialization through weekly #ScienceSunday and #FeatureFriday posts on her Instagram feed (@science.sam). Her current academic research focuses on the development and function of cell populations within the organic brain, and how these findings may apply to synthetic networks in the near future.
“Humans are amazing creatures and we can do so much more than we allow ourselves to. Constructive criticism is excellent, but dream-bashing (from anyone) is unacceptable.” — Samantha YammineREAD MORE



 Old Posts »





Category

» Engineering
» Science
» Technology
» Math
» STEM Spark
» Success
» Volunteers













Glossary
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Website Powered By People and Code






















