







Skip to the main menu
Skip to the main content





Go to the U of M home page

One Stop
MyU 


Search

Search








 






Humphrey School of Public Affairs

Current Students
Alumni

















        
    Academics      








AcademicsAcquire the skills, expertise, and real-world experience to transform your ideas into action at one of the country’s top-ranked public policy and planning schools.










        
    Master's Degrees      








        
    Master of Development Practice      



        
    Master of Human Rights      



        
    Master of Public Affairs (Mid-Career)      



        
    Master of Public Policy      



        
    Master of Science in Science, Technology, and Environmental Policy      



        
    Master of Urban and Regional Planning      



        
    Dual Master's Degree Programs      



        
    Graduate Minors      
















        
    PhD Program      



        
    Certificate Programs      








        
    Early Childhood Policy      



        
    Election Administration      



        
    Human Services Leadership      



        
    Nonprofit Management      



        
    Policy Issues on Work and Pay      



        
    Public Affairs Leadership      
















        
    Undergraduate Opportunities      








        
    BA-MPP Early Admission Program      



        
    Additional Early Admissions      



        
    PPIA Junior Summer Institute      










        
    Professional Development      








        
    International Fellows & Scholars      








        
    International Visiting Scholars      



        
    International Fellows      








        
    Current Fellows      



        
    Alumni      

















        
    Minnesota Senior Leadership Institute      



        
    Policy Fellows Program      



        
    Public Safety Leadership Program      



        
    Training in Public Policy & Race      



        
    Equity Works      

















        
    People & Research      








People & ResearchWorld-class faculty and staff fuel the Humphrey School with real-world experience, global connections, and leading scholarship.










        
    Areas of Expertise      








        
    Global Policy      



        
    Leadership & Management      



        
    Politics & Governance      



        
    Science, Technology & Environmental Policy      



        
    Social Policy & Policy Analysis      



        
    Urban & Regional Planning      
















        
    Research Centers      








        
    Center for Science, Technology, and Environmental Policy      








        
    Urban Water and Food Systems      



        
    Technology Innovation and Policy      



        
    Sustainable Infrastructure and Cities      



        
    Risk and Resilience      



        
    Energy and Climate Policy      










        
    Center for the Study of Politics and Governance      








        
    Policy Fellows Program      








        
    How to Apply: Policy Fellows      



        
    FAQs: Policy Fellows      










        
    Election Academy      



        
    Health Care Policy      



        
    Smart Politics      










        
    Center on Women, Gender, and Public Policy      








        
    Representation and Leadership      



        
    Human Rights      



        
    Social and Economic Equity      










        
    Freeman Center for International Economic Policy      








        
    About the Freemans      










        
    Public and Nonprofit Leadership Center      








        
    Government Innovation      



        
    Professional Development Programs      



        
    Research Projects      










        
    Roy Wilkins Center for Human Relations and Social Justice      








        
    Technical Assistance      








        
    Disparity Studies      










        
    Training in Public Policy & Race      








        
    Wilkins Community Fellows Program      










        
    Research      



        
    Conferences      










        
    State and Local Policy Program      








        
    Economic Competitiveness      



        
    Technology      



        
    Transportation Finance      



        
    Transportation Safety      










        
    Center for Integrative Leadership      



        
    Human Capital Research Collaborative      
















        
    Faculty & Staff      



        
    Access Humphrey Expertise      








        
    Student Expertise      








        
    Become a Capstone Client      










        
    Hubert Project Learning Materials      

















        
    Admissions      








AdmissionsChoose from six master’s degrees, a PhD program, numerous certificate programs, ample undergraduate opportunities, and an array of professional development offerings.










        
    Master's Degrees      








        
    Cost & Aid      








        
    Merit-Based Aid      



        
    Need-Based Aid      



        
    Federal Loan Repayment Plans      



        
    Public Service Loan Forgiveness      



        
    Other Resources      










        
    How to Apply      



        
    FAQs      



        
    Class Profile      
















        
    Certificate Programs      








        
    How to Apply      
















        
    Undergraduate Early Admissions      








        
    How to Apply      



        
    Cost & Aid      
















        
    PhD Program      



        
    Admitted Student Info      










        
    Career Services      








Career ServicesCareer Services can help you find meaningful work that matches your passions and areas of study.










        
    Students      








        
    Career Development      



        
    Internship Information      








        
    Internship Documentation Process      



        
    Internship Grant Opportunities      








        
    Summer Unpaid Domestic Internship Grants      

















        
    Job & Internship Postings      



        
    Professional Connections      
















        
    Alumni      









        
    Employers      








        
    Effective Internships      

















        
    About      








AboutThe Humphrey School is one of the country’s top-ranked professional public policy and planning schools, widely recognized for its success in advancing the common good.










        
    Our Leadership      








        
    Alumni Board      



        
    Dean's Advisory Council      
















        
    Student Life      








        
    Student Organizations      



        
    Equity & Diversity      










        
    Location & Directions      









        
    History, Legacy & Awards      








        
    Hubert H. Humphrey Public Leadership Awards      



        
    Distinguished Carlson Lecture Series      
















        
    Conference Center Rental      










        
    News & Events      








News & EventsCheck out the latest news on faculty, staff, and alumni accomplishments and learn about upcoming public events at the Humphrey School.










        
    Upcoming Public Events      









        
    In the Media      









        
    News Archive      










        
    Current Students      








        
    Classes & Registration Info      



        
    Degree Planning & Completion: MDP, MHR, MPA, MPP, MURP      



        
    Degree Planning & Completion: MS−STEP      



        
    Degree Overview: PhD      



        
    Planning & Completion: Certificates      










        
    Alumni      








        
    Join an Alumni Network      



        
    Lead & Serve      



        
    Support Our Students      








        
    Alumni Mentor Programs      



















 







You are hereHome › Academics › Certificate Programs › Certificate in Election Administration











Certificate in Election Administration









Certificate in Election Administration


Video of Certificate in Election Administration






America’s election system faces an urgent need for professionals who are well-trained in the latest technology and techniques in the field and well-versed in the legal and policy challenges facing our voting system. The Humphrey School of Public Affairs is responding to this widespread need with a pioneering, online program to prepare professionals in election administration.
Flexible Online Training
The Certificate in Election Administration is designed with maximum flexibility for those experienced individuals already managing state and local election offices, as well as those seeking to become part of the next generation of creative and committed leaders. Whether you are currently working in or considering a career in elections, this rigorous and relevant online 12-credit program will prepare you for advancement in the profession of election administration. The courses are taught by national expert Doug Chapin and other prominent leaders in election administration, and are accessible online 24 hours a day from anywhere in the world. Watch this webinar recorded before the 2016 presidential election for a glimpse at topics covered.
Meeting a National Need
This first-of-its-kind program in the U.S. is in direct response to the 2014 Presidential Commission on Election Administration report, which urged universities to integrate election administration into their curriculum in a concerted effort to expand professional expertise in the field. The program is presented in an accessible and stimulating online format that allows students to continue with their current employment while working toward a University certificate. 
What You Will Gain:

Knowledge of ever-changing and complex election laws, regulations, and technology
Career-enhancing connections that tap into the experience of your peers
Ability to respond to the steady demand for experienced elections and voting professionals




CurriculumThe fully online Certificate in Election Administration requires 12 semester credits, including three core courses, one capstone project, and two elective credits.
Core Courses (required)
PA 5971 – Survey of Election Administration  (3.0 cr)Comprehensive course on the general building blocks of election administration from voter registration to recounts. 
PA 5972 – Elections and the Law (3.0 cr)A thorough examination of election laws at the federal, state, and local level and how they guide the conduct of elections by officials and voters alike.  
PA 5973 – Strategic Management of Election Administration (2.0 cr)Strategic management for election administrators in the political environment.  The course will cover the distinct phases and hurdles of the policy process and skills for election officials to enact new policy.
Capstone Project (required)
PA 5974 – Election Administration Capstone Project (2.0 cr)Students are invited to identify an election administration issue or problem in a jurisdiction of their choice and proceed to research best practices and possible solutions and write a final paper or prepare a presentation on their findings. 
Elective Courses (2 or more credits required)
PA 5975 – Election Design (2.0 cr)An innovative course on design principles and how they are used in election administration. Through small, weekly assignments you will learn and practice new skills in plain language, design, and usability with real election materials.
PA 5976 – Voter Outreach and Participation (1.0 cr)Why do some voters turnout while others don’t? This course investigates the patterns and history of voter participation and practical steps to increase voter turnout. 
PA 5977 – Public Budgeting for Election Administration (1.0 cr)Learn the basics of budgeting and fiscal analysis. This valuable course introduces students to the budget process at state capitols and the techniques of budget and program analysis. 
PA 5978 – Management of Organizations for Election Administration (1.0 cr)Administering elections requires skills and knowledge of management. This essential course familiarizes students with organizational management strategies for effective government performance. 
PA 5979 – Communications for Election Administration (1.0 cr)Running an elections office often requires communications with the public and the press. This practical course prepares students to better handle public communications and media relations. 
PA 5982 – Data Analysis for Election Administration (2.0 cr)This course will highlight the importance of evidence-based election administration, which focuses on collection and analysis of quantitative data to solve problems and identify opportunities for improvement. There will be an emphasis on pre-election forecasting for planning purposes as well as post-election auditing of election results.
Admission Criteria & MaterialsTo be admitted into the Certificate in Election Administration you must have:

A bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution
A valid TOEFL or IELTS exam, with a minimum score of 100 (TOEFL) or 7.0 (IELTS) for non-native English speakers

Application materials needed:

Graduate School Application
A personal statement (500 words or less, double spaced) that discusses your educational and professional experiences and goals related to elections and their administration
A current resume or CV
Post-secondary transcripts from your degree granting institution
A valid TOEFL or IELTS score if you are a non-native English speaker

To register for a course as a non-degree seeking student:
For general information go to Graduate non-degree registration options.
Non-degree students cannot register online

Download and complete the form, Registration Request for Graduate Credit
Send it to the authorized signer for the Humphrey School, Stacey Grimes (grime004@umn.edu, 612-626-1329)

Cost$900 per credit plus fees*
*If you are a nonresident or non-degree seeking student, please contact cspg@umn.edu at time of enrollment or registration in CEA courses to verify your tuition rate is processed correctly.
If you are a University of Minnesota student enrolled in a different degree program and taking CEA courses, check with your degree program for your tuition rate.








Early Childhood Policy
Election Administration
Human Services Leadership
Nonprofit Management
Policy Issues on Work and Pay
Public Affairs Leadership








Request InfoAdmission RequirementsApply NowDownload Brochure











  
      
  
  Admissions
  
  

280 Humphrey School301 19th Avenue SouthMinneapolis, MN 55455



612-624-3800


hhhadmit@umn.edu


@HHHSchool


HHH on Facebook






























Preparing Tomorrow's Professionals
“Preparing the next generation of election officials, as well as furthering the professional development of existing election administrators, was a key recommendation of the Presidential Commission on Election Administration. Programs like the Humphrey School’s will help develop tomorrow’s professionals by preparing them to conduct elections in an environment that requires a comprehensive skillset.” —Tammy Patrick, Member, Presidential Commission on Election Administration
Apply Today






































Humphrey School of Public Affairs
130 Humphrey School
301 19th Avenue South
Minneapolis MN 55455
612-626-8910
 
Sign up for news & event information
    


Quick Links

Faculty & Staff Directory
Location & Directions
Visit Us
Conference Center Rental
Employee Intranet



Academics

Master's Degrees
PhD Program
Certificate Programs
Undergraduate Opportunities
Professional Development



Giving

Donate Here



 
 



 













For Students, Faculty and Staff

One Stop
MyU 


© 2017 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Privacy Statement







