




 







Security Smart
Measurable IT Security Awareness Training



  Register now to get 30 days free   


 02081 443 247


 
 





Toggle navigation


SecuritySmart.co.uk
 




          Home     


          How it Works    


          Benefits    


          Pricing    


          FAQ    


          Contact Us  











Measurable IT Security Awareness Training

                        Delivered weekly, straight to everyone's inbox.
                        Full learning analytics.  No PowerPoint.


Join now for free

















Easy, Integrated Training
Your employees will receive an email weekly directly into their work inbox. It's as simple as that! No need to take staff out of work for training seminars,
   or get them to log into a separate learning portal. 









Measurable and Trackable
As a manager you can log into your company's dashboard.  This lets you measure the success rate of the training, find weaknesses in staff knowledge and even compare
your company's scores with others using the system. 







CPD Accredited
We are a fully CPD accredited training provider.








Ongoing Testing
Every email ends with a multiple-choice question to test trainees' understanding. Incorrect answers are followed up with a second email containing further advice.








Prepared For Real Situations
 Every email captures a real-world risk scenario your staff may face. Your staff will be familiar with all common IT security risks, the correct way to react, and the consequences of the
                   alternative.








From Robert Schifreen
SecuritySmart training has been designed and written by Robert Schifreen, the UK's best-known IT security expert.  Robert is a higly regarded
                        writer, consultant and broadcaster on all subjects related to information security and online safety.



 

 






“

Management responsibilities should include ensuring that employees and
 contractors achieve a level of awareness on information security relevant 
to their roles and responsibilities within the organisation.
”
ISO 27002:2013 (7.2.1d)







If your company has subscribed and you now wish to receive the training, click here.


© 2016 SecuritySmart and Oakworth Business Publishing Ltd.  Registered in the UK, no. 02783266.  VAT registration 628 3085 35.


 
 







Navigation

Home
Portfolio
About us
Blog
Contact

Social Media












 
























